Title: Cadence and Google Collaborate to Scale AI-Driven Chip Design with ChipStack AI Super Agent on Google Cloud
Date: 2026-04-15 17:30:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/cadence-google-collaborate-scale-ai-173000293.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Integration of Google’s Gemini models with Cadence ChipStack AI Super Agent accelerates next-generation, agent-driven design automation SAN JOSE, Calif., April 15, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cadence, an industry leader in AI-driven computational software for semiconductor and system design, today announced a strategic collaboration with Google to optimize the Cadence® ChipStack™ AI Super Agent with Gemini on Google Cloud. This collaboration positions Cadence at the forefront of the shift toward agentic design automation, creating an agent-driven, scalable, cloud-native platform for next-generation chip design and verification. The Cadence ChipStack AI Super Agent integrates advanced agentic reasoning with Cadence’s EDA solutions, delivering up to 10X productivity improvements across digital design and testbench development, verification planning, regression management and automated debug. By combining AI agents with native EDA execution, the platform enables design teams to compress development cycles, improve efficiency and accelerate time to tapeout. "Our collaboration with Google Cloud represents a major step forward in scaling AI-driven design automation," said Paul Cunningham, senior vice president and general manager at Cadence. "By integrating the Cadence ChipStack AI Super Agent with Gemini, we’re advancing the next generation of agentic design—combining the reasoning power of large language models with Cadence’s world-class EDA engines to deliver breakthrough productivity and quality of results for our customers." At the core of the ChipStack AI Super Agent is its innovative Mental Model technology, which enables sophisticated agentic reasoning through Cadence native skills, driving Cadence EDA tools to improve the quality and correctness of large language model (LLM)-generated content. Through its collaboration with Google Cloud, Cadence is tightening the integration between the Gemini-enabled ChipStack AI Super Agent and Cadence EDA engines, driving significant improvements in both productivity and quality of results. This collaboration also leverages Google Cloud’s secure, elastic compute infrastructure to deliver the compute needed for Gemini’s LLM reasoning, Cadence EDA tools and the ChipStack AI Super Agent. This enables a "click-to-deploy" end-to-end solution for agent-powered chip design and verification. The ChipStack AI Super Agent is available now on the Google Cloud Marketplace. About Cadence Cadence is a market leader in AI and digital twins, pioneering the application of computational software to accelerate innovation in the engineering design of silicon to systems. Our design solutions, based on Cadence’s Intelligent System Design™ strategy, are essential for the world’s leading semiconductor and systems companies to build their next-generation products from chips to full electromechanical systems that serve a wide range of markets, including hyperscale computing, mobile communications, automotive, aerospace, industrial, life sciences and robotics. In 2024, Cadence was recognized by the Wall Street Journal as one of the world’s top 100 best-managed companies. Cadence solutions offer limitless opportunities—learn more at www.cadence.com. © 2026 Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All rights reserved worldwide. Cadence, the Cadence logo, and the other Cadence marks found at www.cadence.com/go/trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cadence Design Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CATEGORY: FEATURED View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260415910313/en/ Contacts For more information, please contact:Cadence Newsroom408-944-7039newsroom@cadence.com Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio