Title: Allbirds stock soars nearly 600% as the shoemaker rebrands as an AI company
Date: 2026-04-15 17:31:29
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allbirds-stock-soars-nearly-600-as-the-shoemaker-rebrands-as-an-ai-company-173129202.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Allbirds (BIRD) stock soared nearly 600% on Wednesday after the company announced it's switching from being a sustainable sneaker business to an artificial intelligence company. The stock jumped as high as $23 per share and ended the day at roughly $17, a far cry from its price of less than $3 just days ago. The company's market cap spiked to $159 million, compared to $21.7 million at Tuesday's close. The company plans to change its name to NewBird AI and raise $50 million, with the funds expected to close during the second quarter of 2026. Read more about Allbirds' stock moves and today's market action. This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed. In late March, Allbirds sold its footwear assets to American Exchange Group, the company behind Aerosoles and Ed Hardy, for $39 million. NewBird AI will aim to "acquire high-performance, low-latency AI compute hardware" and "provide access under long-term lease arrangements, meeting customer demand that spot markets and hyperscalers are unable to reliably service," the company said in a press release. What AI compute services will NewBird AI provide? Why did Allbirds pivot from sneakers to AI? How does Allbirds compare to other company pivots? How much funding is NewBird AI planning to raise? Allbirds launched 10 years ago and went public in 2021. It was known for its Wool Runner shoe, but investors struggled to stay optimistic on the stock as customers gravitated toward Hoka (DECK) and On (ONON) shoes. Essentially, the company is seeking to fill what it views as a gap in the AI market by providing high-performance AI chips and data center space. "The rise of AI development and adoption has created unprecedented structural demand for specialized, high-performance compute that the market is struggling to meet," the company said in the release. "GPU procurement lead times are increasing for high-end hardware, North American data center vacancy rates have reached historic lows, and market-wide compute capacity coming online through mid-2026 is already fully committed," the company added. "The result is a market where enterprises, AI developers, and research organizations are unable to secure the compute resources they need to build, train and run AI at scale." The unlikely pivot from sustainable shoes to artificial intelligence comes as the valuations of other AI players, such as Nvidia (NVDA), Meta (META), Google (GOOG), and SanDisk (SNDK), have soared over the past year. There's precedent for an unusual company pivot. For instance, in 2017, as cryptocurrency interest hit the Street, Long Island Iced Tea rebranded as Long Blockchain Corp., saying it was "shifting its primary corporate focus towards the exploration of and investment in opportunities that leverage the benefits of blockchain technology." In 2018, the Nasdaq delisted the company. Brooke DiPalma is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X at @BrookeDiPalma or email her at bdipalma@yahoofinance.com. Click here for all of the latest retail stock news and events to better inform your investing strategy Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio