Title: Why Microsoft Stock Popped Today
Date: 2026-04-16 01:45:17
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/why-microsoft-stock-popped-today/?.tsrc=rss

The software giant is rebounding from its recent lows. Shares of Microsoft (MSFT +4.64%) climbed on Wednesday, furthering the tech titan's recent rally. By the close of trading, Microsoft's stock price was up more than 4%. Image source: Getty Images. Microsoft, along with many other software stocks, was down sharply from its 52-week high prior to its recent gains. Fears that artificial intelligence (AI) would displace traditional software, along with concerns regarding the cloud computing provider's rapidly growing capital expenditures and reliance on the unprofitable OpenAI for an uncomfortably large portion of its backlog, combined to drive Microsoft's shares more than 30% lower. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Yet Microsoft's share price may have already bottomed. The popular tech stock is up about 15% since its lows in late March, as many discount-focused investors bought the dip.  Microsoft's rally may have more room to run. A survey of information technology executives conducted by analysts at KeyBanc showed that 85% of respondents planned to spend more on Microsoft's lucrative Azure cloud platform. The poll also indicated that customers were increasing their usage of the tech giant's Copilot AI assistant.  One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  Additionally, reports surfaced on Wednesday that Microsoft took on a sizable amount of compute capacity in a Norwegian data center that was originally earmarked for OpenAI. These computing resources could help to support Azure's growth, as the cloud platform has been capacity-constrained in recent quarters.   Here's How Our CEO Is Responding. The S&P 500 is more concentrated than the dot-com peak. The companies AI hit are in most investors' portfolios. And most investors are holding a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Tom Gardner didn't think members should have to figure out the fix on their own. So he built the whole thing for you, and he's putting our own company money into it alongside members. Continue › Joe Tenebruso has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Microsoft. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *$249 for one year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.