Title: News of the day: Housing market correction, Microsoft data centre, private asset investing, trucking fuel costs, financial sector risks and more
Date: 2026-04-15 21:30:46
URL: https://financialpost.com/uncategorized/news-of-the-day-2?.tsrc=rss

Catch up on the stories we’re following today You can save this article by registering for free here. Or sign-in if you have an account. It’s Wednesday, April 15. Here are the top stories we’re following today. Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada. Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada. Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience. Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience. The Great Correction: not even Wayne Gretzky’s hometown could escape the crash of the ‘exurbs’ Canada’s real estate meltdown extends far beyond the major urban cores to small cities and towns like Brantford, Ont., where the dream of homeownership has proven to be a devil’s bargain for some Read the story Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns. By signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Top Stories will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again Interested in more newsletters? Browse here. The data centre next door: how Microsoft aims to feed AI’s soaring needs and be a good neighbour Standing next to about 50 whirring fans responsible for cooling a vast room of stacked computer servers, a Microsoft Corp. executive highlights how a data centre — almost as big as 15 hockey rinks — being built in Vaughan, Ont., will annually need just about half an Olympic swimming pool’s worth of water to run. Read the story Three compelling reasons for investors to consider private assets Perhaps the biggest difference between how most people’s money is invested and how their pension plans invest boils down to how both groups see the role of private assets in portfolio construction. Read the story How this Calgary trucker is cutting back because of rising fuel costs The Financial Post Western Bureau interviews an Albertan tow truck owner-operator about what the pressures look like on the ground. Read the story OSFI flags Canadian banks’ exposure to private credit as top risk Canada’s federal banking regulator is flagging exposure to non-bank lenders such as hedge funds as one of the top three risks to the financial sector. Read the story Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion. Please keep comments relevant and respectful. Comments may take up to an hour to appear on the site. You will receive an email if there is a reply to your comment, an update to a thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information. 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 © 2026 Financial Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can manage saved articles in your account. and save up to 100 articles! You can manage your saved articles in your account and clicking the X located at the bottom right of the article.