Title: 3M Gains From Strength in Safety & Industrial Unit: A Sign of More Upside?
Date: 2026-04-15 15:40:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3m-gains-strength-safety-industrial-154000829.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The strongest driver of 3M Company’s MMM business at the moment is the persistent strength in its Safety and Industrial segment. Strong momentum in electrical, industrial adhesives and tapes, industrial specialties and personal safety markets has been driving the segment’s performance. In 2025, sales from the electrical and industrial adhesives & tapes markets grew in high-single-digit, while sales from personal safety markets increased in mid-single-digit.Stable demand for electrical infrastructure products like medium voltage cable accessories and insulation tapes boosted the segment’s results. The segment delivered an adjusted organic sales growth of 3.2% year over year in 2025. The segment’s operating income margin increased year over year, driven by benefits from sales growth, productivity and disciplined capital spending, partially offset by continued growth investments in the business.Backed by strength across its businesses, the company provided a positive outlook. For 2026, 3M expects total adjusted organic sales to grow 3% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted earnings are expected to be in the range of $8.50-$8.70 per share. The midpoint of the guided range is about $8.60, which reflects an increase from earnings of $8.06 per share reported in 2025. Among 3M’s major peers, Honeywell International Inc. HON is witnessing strength in its commercial aviation aftermarket business, driven by growth in air transport flight hours, higher shipset deliveries and supply-chain improvements. In the fourth quarter, Honeywell’s commercial aviation aftermarket sales increased 13% year over year. Strength in Honeywell’s defense and space business, owing to stable U.S. and international defense spending volumes, has also been proving beneficial.Its another peer, Griffon Corporation GFF is witnessing strength in the Consumer and Professional Products (CPP) segment. An increase in demand for consumer and professional products across Australia and Canada is driving the segment’s performance. Griffon’s CPP segment saw year-over-year growth of 2% in revenues in the fiscal first quarter. Shares of 3M have gained 17% in the past year compared with the industry’s growth of 16.2%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research From a valuation standpoint, 3M is trading at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 17.22X, above the industry average of 16.65X. MMM carries a Value Score of D. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The Zacks Consensus Estimate for MMM’s earnings for 2026 and 2027 has increased 0.8% and 1.2%, respectively, in the past 60 days. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research MMM stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Honeywell International Inc. (HON) : Free Stock Analysis Report 3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Griffon Corporation (GFF) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio