Title: Caterpillar vs. Volvo: Which Industrial Equipment Stock is a Better Buy?
Date: 2026-04-15 17:17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/caterpillar-vs-volvo-industrial-equipment-171700688.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Caterpillar Inc. CAT and Volvo VLVLY are global leaders in the heavy machinery and construction equipment industry, offering a wide range of products, including trucks, excavators and industrial engines. Both companies play a critical role in infrastructure development and are investing in electrification and autonomous technologies to shape the future of construction and transport. Caterpillar has a market capitalization of $371.7 billion, while Volvo has a market capitalization of $71 billion. Both are closely watched by investors to gauge the health of the broader manufacturing and infrastructure landscape, especially during economic uncertainty. The key question for investors is which offers the better opportunity today. To find out, let us dive into the fundamentals, growth prospects and challenges of Caterpillar and Volvo. Caterpillar is the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. In fourth-quarter 2025, Caterpillar delivered record revenues of $19.1 billion (up 18% year over year), driven by higher volumes across all segments. The company also ended the period with a record backlog of $51.2 billion. Earnings per share rose a modest 0.4% to $5.16 in the quarter, marking a return to growth after five quarters of decline. For 2026, Caterpillar expects revenues to grow year over year near the upper end of its long-term 5–7% CAGR target. However, adjusted operating margin is projected toward the lower end of its range, reflecting a $2.6 billion tariff impact in 2026. The company guides an adjusted operating margin of 15–19% at around $60 billion in revenues. At $72 billion in revenues, margins are expected in the 18–22% range, while revenues of $100 billion could support margins of 21–25%. Caterpillar is targeting revenue CAGR of 5–7% through 2030, with Machinery, Power & Energy free cash flow projected in the $6-$15 billion range. The company plans to return all free cash flow to shareholders over time and aims to grow its dividend at a high-single-digit rate. The company’s long-term outlook is supported by rising U.S. infrastructure spending, growing demand for mining equipment tied to the energy transition and increased adoption of autonomous solutions to improve productivity and safety. In Power & Energy, sustainability initiatives and data-center investments are driving demand. Caterpillar is also expanding its high-margin aftermarket business, with service revenues targeted to increase from $24 billion in 2025 to $30 billion by 2030. Volvo is one of the leading manufacturers of trucks, buses and construction equipment, as well as marine and industrial engines. Its subsidiary, Volvo Construction Equipment (Volvo CE), produces a wide range of machinery for the construction, extraction, waste processing and materials handling sectors. It manufactures haulers, wheel loaders, excavators, road construction machines and compact equipment. Volvo Group’s net sales were down 11% in the fourth quarter to SEK 123.8 billion ($13.5 billion). However, adjusted for currency and the divestment of its ownership stake in China-based SDLG (Shandong Lingong Construction Machinery Co), net sales were in line with the prior year. Increased sales in Europe were offset by lower sales in North America, South America and Asia. Sales of vehicles were 1% lower year over year.  Deliveries of new trucks decreased 3% and are expected to remain weak in the first quarter of 2026 as well. In the fourth quarter, Construction Equipment's deliveries decreased 46%. However, adjusted for SDLG, deliveries were up 9% reflecting higher deliveries in Europe and Asia, partly offset by lower deliveries in North America and South America. In the fourth quarter, Volvo CE’s net sales decreased 16% to SEK 18.692 billion ($2 billion). Adjusted for currency and divestment, net sales increased 12%, of which net sales of machines increased 13% and service sales 8%. The adjusted operating margin improved to 13.9% from 11.8% in the year-ago quarter, driven by a positive product mix and an improved service business, which outweighed the negative impact from lower volumes and U.S. tariffs. Strategically, Volvo continues to invest in innovation and capacity expansion. It continues the rollout of its new range of electric models. Volvo CE recently expanded its European industrial footprint with a new crawler excavator assembly factory in Eskilstuna. The new 30,000 square meter facility will boost capacity and help capitalize on rising demand in Europe. The move is also in sync with Volvo CE’s goals to solidify its position in the key excavator market. On Jan. 31, 2026, Volvo CE completed the acquisition of Swecon. The acquisition comprises Swecon's operations in Sweden, Germany and the Baltics, including Entrack. The acquisition is a strategic move to further invest and strengthen the retail operations and service sales in key markets and thus make the retail market core for Volvo Construction Equipment in Europe.   Volvo CE recently announced its plans to sell the loss-making Rokbak business and concentrate resources on its portfolio of other hauling solutions. While these initiatives position Volvo for long-term growth, near-term performance remains impacted by restructuring costs, higher operating expenses and softer end-market demand. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Caterpillar’s 2026 earnings is $22.85 per share, indicating year-over-year growth of 19.9%. The estimate for 2027 of $27.79 suggests a rise of 21.6%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Volvo’s 2026 earnings is $2.26 per share, indicating year-over-year growth of 30.6%. The 2027 estimate of $2.72 implies growth of 20.4%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research EPS estimates for Caterpillar for both 2026 and 2027 have been trending north over the past 60 days. The estimates for Volvo for 2026 and 2027 have moved down over the past 60 days. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research In a year, CAT stock has surged 170.6%, whereas VLVLY has gained 35.6%. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Caterpillar is currently trading at a forward 12-month earnings multiple of 32.77X. Volvo’s stock is trading at a forward 12-month earnings multiple of 14.67X. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research CAT’s return on equity of 45.76% is way higher than VLVLY’s 23.01%. This reflects Caterpillar’s efficient use of shareholder funds in generating profits. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Both companies offer exposure to long-term infrastructure and industrial growth themes, but they differ in execution and near-term visibility. Caterpillar stands out for its scale, consistent performance, strong backlog and improving earnings outlook, even as it navigates cost pressures. Volvo, while strategically sound and investing for the future, is still working through cyclical demand weakness and operational adjustments. Despite a higher valuation, Caterpillar’s return on equity is significantly higher. Investors looking for exposure to construction equipment might consider Caterpillar to be the more favorable option at this time. Also, upward estimate revision activity instils optimism for the stock. While Caterpillar currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), Volvo carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report AB Volvo (VLVLY) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio