Title: Monarch Tractor’s collapse ends with an acquisition by Caterpillar
Date: 2026-04-15 21:05:21
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/monarch-tractor-collapse-ends-acquisition-210521230.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Monarch Tractor’s assets have been acquired by construction giant Caterpillar, after struggling to pivot to a software services business, according to filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The acquisition, first reported by Bloomberg, caps a few tough years for Monarch as it went through multiple rounds of layoffs, was sued by three different dealers, and lost a major contract manufacturing partner in Foxconn. It also comes just a few weeks after co-founder and wine scion Carlo Mondavi said he was “pushed out” after disagreeing with CEO Praveen Penmetsa’s software-forward approach. What were the main issues with Monarch's autonomous tractors? What led to Caterpillar's acquisition of Monarch Tractor? How did internal disagreements affect Monarch's leadership team? Why did Monarch Tractor struggle with its business model? Mondavi couldn’t be immediately reached for comment. Penmetsa declined to comment beyond a statement Monarch issued last week, which said its technology had been acquired by an unspecified “large global equipment manufacturer.” Caterpillar didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. Monarch raised more than $200 million over the last eight years. It was founded in 2018 by Mondavi, Penmetsa, and former Tesla executive Mark Schwager. The goal was to build “driver optional” electric tractors that were also capable of autonomously navigating wineries, fruit farms, and dairy farms. While Monarch initially set out to build the small tractors at its own facility in Livermore, California, it eventually became one of four companies that partnered up with Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn to occupy a former General Motors factory in Lordstown, Ohio. Foxconn planned to build vehicles for EV startups Fisker, Lordstown Motors, and IndiEV, as well as the tractors for Monarch. But Foxconn only ever made a few electric trucks for Lordstown Motors (which it bought the factory from) before that company went bankrupt. Fisker and IndiEV also went bankrupt before Foxconn could ever make those companies’ future vehicles at the factory. Foxconn did make a few hundred Monarch tractors at the factory, but the electronics giant sold the plant in August 2025 to SoftBank, leaving Monarch without a manufacturer. By that point, Monarch was already struggling. It laid off staff in early 2024 before closing a $133 million funding round. Just a few months later it laid off even more employees and said it was restructuring to focus on software and licensing its autonomous tech. Dealers who purchased Monarch tractors have claimed the company’s autonomous tech never worked well in the first place. One dealer who sued Monarch in September 2025 said the tractors were “defective” and “unable to operate autonomously.” (Monarch denied the claims in a court filing.) Two other dealers have since filed similar federal lawsuits against Monarch. In one case, a former defense lawyer for Monarch wrote in a January filing that Monarch entered into an assignment for the benefit of creditors — an alternative to Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Mondavi spoke up about his departure last month in a comment on an Instagram post from a farmer who complained about Monarch’s tractors. The wine-maker wrote he “left over a year ago due to fundamental differences in approach” after seeing “reliability issues” with Monarch’s tractors on his farm, and on friends’ farms. “I wanted to address them through hardware changes, while the CEO believed they could be solved more through software. I believed strongly in a different path but was ultimately blocked and pushed out alongside another co-founder,” he wrote. The company auctioned off most of its remaining tractors earlier this year. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio