Title: 2 Mega-Cap Stocks to Target This Week and 1 We Turn Down
Date: 2026-04-15 11:30:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/2-mega-cap-stocks-target-113027556.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected "Too big to fail" is how we would describe the megacap stocks in this article today. While they will likely stand the test of time, it’s not all sunshine and rainbows as their scale can limit their ability to find new sources of growth. This dynamic can trouble even the most skilled investors, but luckily for you, we started StockStory to help you navigate these trade-offs and uncover exceptional companies that break the mold. That said, here are two industry titans whose competitive advantages create flywheel effects and one whose momentum may slow. Market Cap: $222 billion With operations in nearly 160 countries and a history dating back to 1812, Citigroup (NYSE:C) is a global financial services company that provides banking, investment, wealth management, and payment solutions to consumers, corporations, and governments. Why Are We Wary of C? Large revenue base makes it harder to expand quickly, and its annual net interest income growth of 6.6% over the last five years was below our standards for the banking sector Estimated net interest income growth of 3.5% for the next 12 months implies demand will slow from its five-year trend Earnings per share lagged its peers over the last five years as they only grew by 2.5% annually Citigroup’s stock price of $129.98 implies a valuation ratio of 1.1x forward P/B. Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than C. Market Cap: $215.5 billion With nicknames spanning Mickey D's in the U.S. to Makku in Japan, McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) is a fast-food behemoth known for its convenience and broken ice cream machines. Why Are We Positive On MCD? Bold push to open new restaurants demonstrates an ambitious strategy to establish itself in underpenetrated territories Asset-lite franchise model is reflected in its superior unit economics and a best-in-class gross margin of 57.1% Robust free cash flow margin of 26.2% gives it many options for capital deployment McDonald's is trading at $303.41 per share, or 23.1x forward P/E. Is now a good time to buy? See for yourself in our in-depth research report, it’s free. Market Cap: $457.6 billion Recognizable by its iconic "Priceless" advertising campaign that has run in over 120 countries, Mastercard (NYSE:MA) operates a global payments network that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, and businesses, enabling electronic transactions and providing payment solutions. Why Will MA Outperform? Impressive 16.5% annual revenue growth over the last five years indicates it’s winning market share this cycle Share repurchases over the last five years enabled its annual earnings per share growth of 21.5% to outpace its revenue gains Stellar return on equity showcases management’s ability to surface highly profitable business ventures At $513.25 per share, Mastercard trades at 25.9x forward P/E. Is now the right time to buy? Find out in our full research report, it’s free. ONE MORE THING: Top 5 Growth Stocks. The biggest stock winners almost always had one thing in common before they ran. Revenue growing like crazy. Meta. CrowdStrike. Broadcom. Our AI flagged all three. They returned 315%, 314%, and 455%, respectively. Find out which 5 stocks it's flagging for this month — FREE.  Get Our Top 5 Growth Stocks for Free HERE. Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,326% between June 2020 and June 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return). Find your next big winner with StockStory today. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio