Title: McDonald’s Puts Red Bull On The Menu
Date: 2026-04-14 12:21:01
URL: https://247wallst.com/investing/2026/04/14/mcdonalds-puts-red-bull-on-the-menu/?.tsrc=rss

Investing Fast Food Menu Competition Rise of Low-Priced Meals Energy Drink Surge The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks. Get them here FREE. 
					Sending You to Google News in 3
 © Katherine_here / Shutterstock.com 
 Red Bull is an enormous energy drink company. It sold 14 billion cans last year, generating $14 billion in revenue. Its primary benefit to buyers is its high level of caffeine. Red Bull only has two major competitors. One in Monster (NASDAQ: MNST), which has a market cap of $73 billion. The other is Celsius (NASDAQ: CELH), which is gaining market share every year. It has a market cap of $9 billion. PepsiCo (NASDAQ: PEP | PEP Price Prediction) owns 11% of the company. McDonald’s (NYSE: MCD) has just signed a deal to sell Red Bull Dragonberry Energizer The Wall Street Journal obtained confidential documents showing it would add Red Bull, Dirty Dr. Pepper, and Mango Pineapple Refresher. They should hit McDonald’s locations in August. McDonald’s and its major competition are looking for an edge each time they change their menus. McDonald’s has 49% of the fast food market in the US. Yum! Brands (NYSE: YUM) is second at 31%. Yums owns KFC, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut. It has a wider menu range than McDonald’s, but it is not a place in the burger segment. READ: The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks McDonald’s and the balance of the industry test more than menu items. The current battle among them focuses on menu price. Earlier this month, McDonald’s launched a $3 menu and a $4 breakfast. The $3 menu includes McChicken, McDouble, 4-Piece Chicken McNuggets, small Fries, and a medium Soft Drink. Lower-income visitors are pinched for money, McDonald’s believes. The $3 menu keeps these customers. When the new menus were released, Alyssa Buetikofer, Chief Marketing and Customer Experience Officer, McDonald’s USA, said, “As our customers’ expectations evolve, we’re making it easier for them to get the value they’re looking for – on their terms. McValue offers more choice, more flexibility, and more ways to build a meal that fits their day and budget.” When earnings were announced, CEO Chris Kempczinski commented on the low-priced meals, which had less spin. He said the decision to offer low-priced menus was to improve its “value & affordability scores.” Kempczinski has delivered good results recently. In the most recent quarter, comparable sales worldwide were up 5.7%. Revenue rose 10% to $7 billion. EPS was up 8% to $3.03.  Wall Street is pouring billions into AI, but most investors are buying the wrong stocks. The analyst who first identified NVIDIA as a buy back in 2010 — before its 28,000% run — has just pinpointed 10 new AI companies he believes could deliver outsized returns from here. One dominates a $100 billion equipment market. Another is solving the single biggest bottleneck holding back AI data centers. A third is a pure-play on an optical networking market set to quadruple. Most investors haven't heard of half these names. Get the free list of all 10 stocks here. Douglas A. McIntyre is the co-founder, chief executive officer and editor in chief of 24/7 Wall St. and 24/7 Tempo. He has held these jobs since 2006. McIntyre has written thousands of articles for 24/7 Wall St. He is an expert on corporate finance, the automotive industry, media companies and international finance. He has edited articles on national demographics, sports, personal income and travel. His work has been quoted or mentioned in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, NBC News, Time, The New Yorker, HuffPost USA Today, Business Insider, Yahoo, AOL, MarketWatch, The Atlantic, Bloomberg, New York Post, Chicago Tribune, Forbes, The Guardian and many other major publications. McIntyre has been a guest on CNBC, the BBC and television and radio stations across the country. A magna cum laude graduate of Harvard College, McIntyre also was president of The Harvard Advocate. Founded in 1866, the Advocate is the oldest college publication in the United States. TheStreet.com, Comps.com and Edgar Online are some of the public companies for which McIntyre served on the board of directors. He was a Vicinity Corporation board member when the company was sold to Microsoft in 2002. He served on the audit committees of some of these companies. McIntyre has been the CEO of FutureSource, a provider of trading terminals and news to commodities and futures traders. He was president of Switchboard, the online phone directory company. He served as chairman and CEO of On2 Technologies, the video compression company that provided video compression software for Adobe’s Flash. Google bought On2 in 2009. Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later. Realizing the success of Chick-fil-A and the chicken products of other fast food chains, McDonald’s (NYSE: MCD | MCD Price… The $5 meal was supposed to bring back consumers who thought McDonald’s menu was too expensive. Investors don't think it's… McDonald's has rolled out its newest attempt to supercharge its sales and to boost its stock: the Chicken Big Mac. McDonald’s faces increases in the minimum wage in states across the country. It is a tough environment for the fast-food… It is how direct competition works between rivals when they try to take market share from one another. McDonald’s (NYSE:… McDonald’s (NYSE MCD | MCD Price Prediction) will offer a $3 meal, according to an exclusive report in The Wall… Neither Starbucks nor McDonald’s is having its best year. Shares of the former in particular have taken a beating this… It was another rough quarter for McDonald's, as the fast-food giant is being pressed on several fronts. Its stock has… The McDonald's board of directors needs to decide if following the example set by Starbucks ight turn the company around.