Title: US Stocks Close at Record Highs on Peace Hopes: Markets Wrap
Date: 2026-04-15 20:12:13
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/us-stocks-hover-near-time-135252999.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected (Bloomberg) -- US stocks closed at record highs on Wednesday, as a potential peace deal in the Middle East and a strong start to corporate earnings season stoked investor optimism. The S&P 500 finished the day up 0.8%, extending a dramatic two-week surge from its late March lows. The tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 was up 1.4%, also a record. Bank of America Corp. and Morgan Stanley rose as their equity traders posted strong revenue beats. Hopes that peace efforts between the US and Iran will succeed have pushed investors to increasingly price out the risk premium built up since the conflict started in late February and renew their focus on artificial intelligence and Corporate America’s resilience. The warring sides are considering a two-week ceasefire extension to allow more time to negotiate a peace deal, according to a person familiar with the matter, reducing the prospect of a return to fighting despite an intensifying standoff over the Strait of Hormuz. “Stocks are basically expressing their view that the war in the Persian Gulf is all but over,” wrote Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers LLC. Brent rose 0.1% toward $95 a barrel as the US pressed ahead with a naval blockade of the Strait of Hormuz. Treasuries slipped, with the two-year yield rising to 3.76%. The dollar was lower while gold fell toward $4,800 an ounce. Investors have been piling back into stocks even as there remains little clarity around the trajectory of the war, which has choked off around a fifth of global crude supplies and risked a surge in inflation that could still prompt central banks to tighten policy. Technology shares in particular have been snapped up after lagging the market for much of the year. A popular exchange-traded fund that tracks the software industry was up around 4% on Wednesday. Oracle Corp. soared 4.2% and Microsoft Corp. rose 4.6%. “It looked like a rotation day today within the tech sector, as investors sold the high flying chip stocks and bought the beaten down software names,” said Matt Maley of Miller Tabak. “That said, after such a big run, we could see a near-term breather in the tech sector, but that would be normal and healthy.” Earnings Watch Technical analysts, who study charts for clues on stock moves, said some indicators of market health are painting an optimistic picture. “While we believe it is prudent to maintain a healthy sense of skepticism regarding this headline-driven optimism, underlying breadth and trend indicators are improving off March lows, or at least until the next headline proves otherwise,” according to Craig Johnson at Piper Sandler. With the earnings season now in full swing, investors will watch for signs of whether the conflict is denting the outlook for earnings and whether corporates and consumers are cutting back on spending amid the uncertainty. “We continue to see healthy potential for a rally for the remainder of this year from the current S&P 500 levels amid solid profit growth and a supportive macroeconomic backdrop,” said Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, CIO Americas and global head of equities, UBS Chief Investment Office. What Bloomberg Strategists Say: “US stocks have played a key role in the global equity rebound, with the S&P 500 once again climbing above the 7,000 milestone level. Yet valuations show they have not truly fully shaken off the shock. A return to pre-war multiples of 21.3x forward earnings implies a move past 7,200, or about 3% higher from current levels.” — Tatiana Darie, macro strategist. For the full analysis, click here. Corporate News: Jane Street Group has taken an additional $1 billion stake in AI cloud services provider CoreWeave Inc. and plans to spend about $6 billion on the company’s technology offerings. Morgan Stanley’s stock traders joined the rest of Wall Street with a record-breaking first quarter. Bank of America Corp.’s traders pulled in the business’s highest quarterly revenue in more than a decade, riding a wave of volatility that pushed the firm’s stock-trading desk to an all-time record. Allbirds Inc., the once-buzzy maker of wool sneakers valued at more than $4 billion in its heyday, announced a new business plan just days before it planned to close down for good: AI computing infrastructure. Bank of America Corp.’s stock-trading desk set a record, riding a wave of volatility that helped push the bank’s earnings to the highest in nearly two decades. Some of the main moves in markets: Stocks The S&P 500 rose 0.8% as of 4:05 p.m. New York time The Nasdaq 100 rose 1.4% The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.1% The MSCI World Index rose 0.5% Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was little changed The euro was little changed at $1.1797 The British pound was unchanged at $1.3567 The Japanese yen fell 0.1% to 158.99 per dollar Cryptocurrencies Bitcoin rose 1% to $74,884.04 Ether rose 2.4% to $2,370.32 Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced three basis points to 4.28% Germany’s 10-year yield advanced two basis points to 3.04% Britain’s 10-year yield advanced three basis points to 4.81% Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude fell 0.2% to $91.14 a barrel Spot gold fell 1% to $4,794.10 an ounce This story was produced with the assistance of Bloomberg Automation. --With assistance from Vildana Hajric. More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio