Title: Payoneer, Interactive Brokers, Ridgepost Capital, PayPal, and EVERTEC Shares Are Soaring, What You Need To Know
Date: 2026-04-16 04:18:27
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/payoneer-interactive-brokers-ridgepost-capital-041827918.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected A number of stocks jumped in the afternoon session after major banks and asset managers reported first-quarter earnings that surpassed Wall Street expectations. Leading the charge, giants like BlackRock, Bank of America, and Morgan Stanley all announced profits that topped analyst forecasts, driven by a significant rebound in investment banking and robust trading activity. According to reports, Bank of America saw record equities trading, with revenues up 30%, while Morgan Stanley's trading desk saw a 25% rise. This surge was partly due to recent market volatility, which increases trading volumes and generates higher revenues for these firms. Additionally, a healthier climate for mergers and acquisitions bolstered investment banking divisions, signaling renewed corporate confidence and providing a powerful tailwind for the financial industry to start the year. The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks. Among others, the following stocks were impacted: Diversified Financial Services company Payoneer (NASDAQ:PAYO) jumped 3.2%. Is now the time to buy Payoneer? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Investment Banking & Brokerage company Interactive Brokers (NASDAQ:IBKR) jumped 3.1%. Is now the time to buy Interactive Brokers? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Custody Bank company Ridgepost Capital (NYSE:RPC) jumped 2.5%. Is now the time to buy Ridgepost Capital? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Diversified Financial Services company PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL) jumped 3.5%. Is now the time to buy PayPal? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. Payment Processing company EVERTEC (NYSE:EVTC) jumped 3%. Is now the time to buy EVERTEC? Access our full analysis report here, it’s free. PayPal’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 8 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business. The biggest move we wrote about over the last year was 2 months ago when the stock dropped 19.8% on the news that the company reported fourth-quarter 2025 results that missed Wall Street's expectations for both revenue and earnings. The digital payments company posted revenue of $8.68 billion, a 3.7% increase year on year, but this fell short of analyst estimates of $8.78 billion. Its adjusted earnings per share of $1.23 also missed the consensus forecast of $1.29. While PayPal's pre-tax profit margin improved by 1.9 percentage points from the same quarter last year to 18.8%, the top- and bottom-line misses overshadowed this improvement. The report was broadly seen as weak, with the company failing to meet investor expectations and struggling to show strong momentum, leading to a significant sell-off in the stock. PayPal is down 14.7% since the beginning of the year, and at $49.62 per share, it is trading 36.6% below its 52-week high of $78.22 from July 2025. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of PayPal’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at only $181.08. ONE MORE THING: 3 Hidden Platforms Growing 3X Faster than Amazon, Google, and PayPal. Amazon, Google, and Meta all followed the same playbook: Dominate an ignored market. Build an unbeatable moat. Scale until you’re unstoppable. These three platforms are running that exact playbook right now. The early investors in Amazon made fortunes. The early investors in these could do the same. Get All 3 Stocks Here for FREE. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio