Title: SpaceX Plans Site Visits for Large Investors as Mega-IPO Nears
Date: 2026-04-15 20:05:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/spacex-plans-visits-large-investors-200506448.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected (Bloomberg) -- SpaceX is gearing up to take potential anchor investors in its IPO on a tour of its marquee sites across America, people familiar with the plans said, as billionaire Elon Musk’s company targets the biggest ever market debut. The rocket, satellite and artificial intelligence company is looking to showcase facilities in California and Texas over a few days in visits for investors who could take large stakes in the offering, such as sovereign wealth funds, according to the people. SpaceX plans to charter a plane out of New York in the coming weeks for investor visits that could include Mississippi — where xAI is building a huge data center campus — one of the people said. The company has filed confidentially to go public and is seeking to raise as much as $75 billion at a valuation of more than $2 trillion, Bloomberg News has reported, which would be the largest IPO of all time. A number of advisers on the listing are working around the clock, a different person said, asking not to be identified as the information isn’t public. The process has drawn a media frenzy that some executives aren’t thrilled about. Chief Financial Officer Bret Johnsen is telling bankers he’s unhappy about the leaks of detail on the blockbuster IPO plans, some of the people said. Johnsen has reminded the banks working on the IPO that the information is meant to remain confidential, they said. In an internal email in December, SpaceX told staff the company is entering a regulatory quiet period, and that employees should refrain from commenting on or discussing the IPO, including topics such as the firm’s growth or valuation, in accordance with the US Securities and Exchange Commission rules, people familiar with the matter have said. The company is scheduled to host an analyst day later in the month, people familiar with the matter have said. SpaceX is expected to file publicly later in May for the IPO before kicking off formal marketing the week of June 8, some of the people said. The IPO is anticipated to price the week of June 15, they said. Details of the site visits and the key dates could change and no final decisions have been made, the people said. Some of the dates were reported earlier by Reuters. A representative for SpaceX didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. SpaceX has picked Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc., Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley for senior roles on the IPO, people familiar with the matter have said, and has added more banks to the lineup. Barclays Plc is in charge of UK IPO share orders, Deutsche Bank AG and UBS Group AG are working on European orders, the people have said. Royal Bank of Canada is managing share orders from Canada, Mizuho Financial Group Inc. is working on Asia orders and Macquarie Group Ltd. is focused on Australia, Bloomberg News has reported. More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio