Title: Why Bank of America Rallied Today
Date: 2026-04-15 20:15:14
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/why-bank-of-america-rallied-today/?.tsrc=rss

Bank of America beat on virtually all metrics. Shares of large money center bank Bank of America (BAC +1.82%) rallied on Wednesday, up as much as 3.8% before retreating to a 1.8% gain as of 3:54 p.m. EDT. Bank of America delivered an earnings report today that was everything an investor could ask for, from a revenue and earnings beat to positive commentary on private credit exposure and lower-than-expected credit provisions. So, it was no surprise to see the stock climb, despite already rising over 40% in the past year. In the first quarter, Bank of America reported 7% revenue growth to $30.3 billion, with earnings per share up nearly 25% to $1.11. Both figures handily beat expectations. Underlying these beats were solid fundamentals. Both net interest income and noninterest income beat expectations, while provisions for credit losses of $1.34 billion came in well below expectations of $1.5 billion.  Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Credit provisions have been a key focus for analysts this year amid rising fears over the private credit industry. For its part, Bank of America noted that only about $20 billion of its wholesale loans are to private credit lenders, which is slightly lower than other major banks have reported. Loans to business development companies, considered the riskiest segment of the private credit industry, totaled less than $2 billion. Moreover, management emphasized that the private credit portfolio was backed by first-lien loans to a diversified group of companies with solid EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) coverage.  All of these positive metrics led to a 16% return on tangible common equity, which was more than a two percentage point improvement relative to a year ago. That's immensely positive, as a bank's efficiency shows how productively it uses its capital.  One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  Image source: Getty Images. Despite Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRKA 0.77%) (BRKB 0.72%) selling down a large portion of its Bank of America position, the stock still ranks as the third-largest in Berkshire's equity portfolio. Earnings reports like this one show why Buffett liked the stock in the first place; management is executing its smart-growth strategy, with above-GDP growth despite conservative lending, and technology investments leading to ever-greater efficiencies.  Bank of America stock still trades at a reasonable 14.2 times earnings per share, 1.4 times book value, and 1.9 times tangible book value. Those aren't unreasonable valuations for a bank displaying solid growth and mid-teens returns on equity.      Before you buy stock in Bank of America, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Bank of America wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money. Billy Duberstein and/or his clients have positions in Bank of America and Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Berkshire Hathaway. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.