Title: The 1 Tech Stock I'd Put in Every Retirement Account Right Now
Date: 2026-04-15 21:17:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/the-1-tech-stock-id-put-in-every-retirement-accoun/?.tsrc=rss

I'd put it in a growth-oriented portfolio, too. Retirees looking for stability should be especially cautious in the current environment. Equity markets have been volatile, with tech stocks leading the Nasdaq Composite into correction territory. Is there any tech company that's worth it for retirees to invest in, especially right now? Yes, there are, and one of my top picks along those lines is none other than Apple (AAPL +2.91%). Here's why.  Image source: Getty Images. Apple hasn't been immune to the recent volatility. The stock is down by 4% year to date. However, the iPhone maker has plenty of redeeming qualities. Here are three of them. First, Apple's core business is more predictable than that of many of its tech peers. Apple's devices are so popular -- and it has attracted such a loyal customer base -- that it generates tens of billions in sales even in recessions.  That is especially impressive considering no one truly needs a new iPhone, particularly not when the economy isn't doing well. Apple customers also tend to upgrade their devices fairly regularly. The most recent iPhone, the 17, has enjoyed an impressive renewal cycle, catapulting Apple's top-line growth to levels not seen in years.  AAPL Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth) data by YCharts Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Further, Apple has a growing source of recurring revenue, thanks to its deep ecosystem of more than 2.5 billion active devices. Apple offers a range of subscriptions, including music and video streaming, fitness, news, and podcasts. Second, Apple is actively expanding its installed base, notably by introducing lower-priced items, whereas it has historically dominated more premium markets. One of the company's recent launches is the MacBook Neo, its cheapest laptop ever. Apple is also looking to launch a new iPhone Fold that will compete with similar, highly popular devices some of its competitors have had on the market for years. These initiatives could also help boost the company's installed base. Third, Apple has an excellent dividend program. The company's forward yield isn't impressive at 0.4%. But Apple regularly increases its payouts. Over the past decade, Apple's dividend has grown by 82.5%. The company also generates significant free cash flow, and its highly conservative 15.6% cash payout ratio suggests it has room for further payout hikes. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.  What does all this mean for retiree investors? Apple may be more volatile than many companies in defensive sectors such as healthcare. That said, as far as tech stocks go, there are few more stable, reliable corporations. It's also worth considering the company's long-term prospects. Apple will continue innovating, and the company should also increasingly rely on its high-margin services segment to boost profits.  Meanwhile, Apple's deep ecosystem is also a great reason it could catch up in the artificial intelligence race, as the company could launch plenty of AI-powered services that many of its loyal customers will adopt. In short, Apple can provide regular income and market-beating returns to retirees. It might be worth retirees' while to allocate a small portion of their portfolios to this stock.       Before you buy stock in Apple, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Apple wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Prosper Junior Bakiny has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Apple and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.