Title: TSMC set to post 50% quarterly profit jump, extend record earnings on insatiable AI demand
Date: 2026-04-16 00:05:51
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/tsmc-set-post-50-quarterly-000551299.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected By Wen-Yee Lee and Ben Blanchard TAIPEI, April 16 (Reuters) - TSMC (TSM), the world's largest manufacturer of advanced artificial intelligence chips, will likely notch up a fourth ‌consecutive quarter of record earnings with a 50% surge in net profit for ‌January-March driven by booming demand for AI infrastructure. Demand for Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co's 3-nanometre technology to produce AI chips ​and its advanced packaging technology continues to outstrip the firm's current production capacity, according to analysts. This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed. That's driven Asia's most valuable company, a key supplier to Nvidia and Apple, to new heights. Its market capitalisation is now nearly double that of South Korean rival Samsung Electronics at ‌around $1.68 trillion. On Thursday, TSMC is ⁠expected to report a net profit of T$543.3 billion ($17.23 billion) for the first quarter, according to an LSEG SmartEstimate compiled from 19 analysts. SmartEstimates ⁠place greater weight on forecasts from analysts who are more consistently accurate. How might geopolitical risks affect TSMC's operations? What's driving TSMC's expected record-breaking quarterly earnings? What are TSMC's capital spending plans for AI? How does TSMC's market position compare to competitors? An earnings call at which it will provide second-quarter and updated full-year guidance is scheduled for 0600 GMT. A profit above T$505.7 billion ​would ​mark the company's highest-ever quarterly net income and ​its ninth consecutive quarter of profit ‌growth. Last week, it posted a 35% year-on-year rise in first-quarter revenue, ahead of market forecasts. The war in the Middle East threatens to disrupt the supply of production materials for semiconductors such as helium and neon, but TSMC is seen by analysts as well-placed to weather the crisis. One area of focus will be whether TSMC maintains or raises its 2026 ‌capital spending plans as that will reflect management's confidence ​in long-term AI demand, analysts said. At its last ​earnings call in January, the company said ​capital spending this year would hit between $52 billion and $56 billion, up ‌as much as 37% compared with 2025's $40.9 ​billion. TSMC is investing $165 billion ​to build chip factories in the U.S. state of Arizona. The company has also revised its plans in Japan and is now set to manufacture 3-nanometre chips there, ​instead of focusing on ‌more mature nodes. TSMC's Taipei-listed shares have gained 34% so far this year, outperforming ​the 27% rise for the broader market. ($1 = 31.5170 Taiwan dollars) (Reporting by Wen-Yee Lee ​and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio