Title: Can Nvidia Become a $10 Trillion Company by 2030?
Date: 2026-04-15 19:35:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/can-nvidia-become-a-10-trillion-company-by-2030/?.tsrc=rss

The stock is still down from the high it touched late last year. That could be a buying opportunity. Nvidia (NVDA +1.31%) has become a symbol of the artificial intelligence (AI) trend, in addition to becoming the most valuable company in the world. It's ahead of the second largest, Apple, by an amount that's more than the market cap of all but the largest 15 or so publicly traded businesses. However, large companies can quickly gain or lose what looks like a lot of market cap fairly quickly, since those amounts represent a smaller percentage of the whole. For example, Nvidia became the first company to break through the $5 trillion level last year, but it's down about 5% from its peak, and worth $4.8 trillion today. The market seems uncertain about what's next for the AI giant in the near term. But could it reach a market cap of $10 trillion by 2030? Image source: Nvidia. The market has recently been pessimistic about Nvidia due to the extraordinary scale of hyperscalers' spending. Amazon, Meta Platforms, Alphabet, and Microsoft sent shockwaves through the markets when they announced their fiscal 2026 capital expenditure plans, which, combined, exceeded $600 billion. If the investment thesis for Nvidia rests on this kind of spending, and if those outlays don't actually pan out with sufficient returns, Nvidia's sales could slow down. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. However, CEO Jensen Huang remains upbeat. He unveiled a slew of new innovations at the company's annual GTC conference last month, including a new platform that combines Groq and Vera Rubin chips and is 350 times faster than the Hopper generation, which preceded the current Blackwell platform. He expects to sell $1 trillion worth of processors from the Blackwell and Vera Rubin lines in 2026 and 2027. Its current revenue run rate is $272 billion, but analysts are anticipating accelerating sales growth of 79% in the current quarter and 85% in the next quarter. Typically, when I run different scenarios about companies' futures, my assumption is that revenue growth will begin to decelerate on a percentage basis, especially as a company gets much bigger. But Nvidia's sales growth is picking up instead of slowing down. If it remains elevated, it won't take long for the top line to double.  One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  Nvidia stock currently trades at a price-to-sales ratio of 21, which is high on an absolute basis. However, if its sales growth stays high, it can maintain that ratio, and the stock could rise as fast as the company's sales do, in which case, it could reach a $1 trillion market cap well before 2030. However, even if its top-line growth starts to slow down, and the price-to-sales ratio moderates, there's a good chance the stock -- and the market cap -- will double by 2030.  Here's How Our CEO Is Responding. The S&P 500 is more concentrated than the dot-com peak. The companies AI hit are in most investors' portfolios. And most investors are holding a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Tom Gardner didn't think members should have to figure out the fix on their own. So he built the whole thing for you, and he's putting our own company money into it alongside members. Continue › Jennifer Saibil has positions in Apple. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, and Nvidia and is short shares of Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.