Title: ExxonMobil helped define America. Here’s the story behind the brand.
Date: 2026-04-15 09:09:43
URL: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/usa250/2026/04/15/exxonmobil-history-standard-oil-john-d-rockefeller-exxon-mobil-american-influence/89143015007/?.tsrc=rss

This story is part of the Iconic Brands series, a USA TODAY network project showcasing the companies and brands that helped shape the nation's identity, economy and culture. The series celebrates American ingenuity with a deeply reported examination of how brands intersect with history, community and everyday life in celebration of the nation's 250th anniversary. Find more at https://usatoday.com/usa250/iconic-brands Within a decade of its founding in 1870, John D. Rockefeller’s Standard Oil Company had already become the dominant force in America’s fledgling oil and gas industry. The company’s success made Rockefeller the world’s first billionaire, and his name lives on at once as a symbol of business acumen, and also corporate greed. And while the company he launched followed a winding path that took it through a series of reorganizations and name changes, the enterprise we know today as ExxonMobil has remained all these years later at the top of the global business ladder. It’s the largest private oil and gas company on the planet, and one of the largest companies overall, frequently appearing near the top of the Fortune 500 list. ExxonMobil’s products have fueled the global economy and helped make America the most powerful country in the world, but the company has also become a lightning rod for controversy. Ruthless business practices in its early days made Standard Oil the target of a famous antitrust campaign that would eventually lead to its dismantlement. The company later became known for environmental damage, most notably for causing one of the worst oil spills in history when its supertanker, the Exxon Valdez, spewed millions of gallons of crude oil off Alaska that blackened shorelines and killed marine life. More recently, the company has been embroiled in the debate over climate change and its role, not only in driving up greenhouse gas emissions that are warming the planet, but also in allegedly covering up the science that proves the culpability of burning fossil fuels in what many believe has become the environmental crisis of our time. If energy policy is a defining issue in American history, then ExxonMobil has played a leading role in shaping the economy and identity of the nation. Morgan Downey, author of the book “Oil 101,” said it “is undeniably an iconic American company.” “Its importance to the U.S. economy and culture lies in its role as a cornerstone of industrial growth, providing the energy density required for expanding American infrastructure, transport and manufacturing throughout the 20th century,” he said. The modern fossil fuel industry was born on Aug. 27, 1859 in northwestern Pennsylvania, when former railroad conductor Edwin Drake drilled the first commercial oil well in the United States. His success started an oil boom across Pennsylvania and Ohio, where underground resources became newly accessible with Drake’s pipe-driven drilling technique. Rockefeller, then a little-known commodities broker, entered the business in 1863 when he invested in a Cleveland refinery that would soon become the city’s largest. He and his partners founded Standard Oil seven years later, focusing on refining and product development, rather than drilling and exploration. The company took over the bulk of the refinery business in Cleveland, which at the time was the nation’s oil hub, before expanding to Philadelphia, New York and other cities. At its peak, Standard Oil controlled some 90% of the nation’s refining capacity and pipelines. Standard Oil’s strategy of buying up some competitors and forcing others out of business gained it a monopoly in the oil industry, but its aggressive tactics made the company a target for regulators and politicians, including President Theodore Roosevelt. In 1904, muckraking journalist Ida Tarbell published “The History of the Standard Oil Company,” a scathing indictment of price-fixing and other business practices employed by the company. “Rockefeller and his associates did not build the Standard Oil Co. in the board rooms of Wall Street banks,” Tarbell wrote. “They fought their way to control by rebate and drawback, bribe and blackmail, espionage and price cutting, by ruthless efficiency of organization.” Her book, which was first published as a 19-part series in McClure’s magazine, fueled antitrust efforts against the company that resulted in a 1911 Supreme Court order that broke up Standard Oil into 34 different entities. In the ensuing decades, Standard Oil of New Jersey, one of the smaller companies that resulted from the decision, would expand its reach as it cycled through a series of brands, from Esso to Enco to Humble Oil and finally, in 1973, to Exxon. One of the others, Standard Oil of New York, would grow into Mobil Oil, another major market player. The two joined back up again in 1998 to become the current behemoth. Both companies had experienced wild success in the decades before the merger with the rise of the internal combustion engine. While Standard Oil’s bread and butter was the sale of kerosene, which replaced whale oil for lighting homes and businesses, its descendants prospered through the sale of gasoline for the ever-growing use of cars and trucks. The companies’ footprint in the economy also grew as they developed new products that relied on petroleum, including plastics, chemicals and fertilizers. It was all part of a new “hydrocarbon society,” energy analyst Daniel Yergin wrote in his book “The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money and Power.” In his telling, oil was “central to security, prosperity and the very nature of civilization.” Unlike Standard Oil’s focus on refining, Exxon and Mobil invested heavily in drilling, exploring for oil in Africa, Alaska, the Middle East, the North Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, their reach spreading from America all the way across the globe. The companies would go on to reach new heights in the 1970s when Arab oil embargoes drove crude prices up to record levels. The nadir for Exxon would come shortly after midnight on March 24, 1989, when the Exxon Valdez struck Bligh Reef off the coast of Alaska. The grounding tore a hole in the ship’s hull that spilled 11 million gallons of crude oil into the waters of Prince William Sound. It was the largest tanker spill in U.S. history and the nation’s worst-ever spill until the Deepwater Horizon disaster in 2010 released 134 million gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico. Although the amount of oil that spilled from the Exxon Valdez was smaller than the later calamity, the impact was devastating because of the ecological importance of the Alaskan waters and the slow cleanup response that allowed the oil to wash up on 1,300 miles of coastline. The death toll included 250,000 seabirds, 2,800 sea otters, 300 harbor seals, 250 bald eagles, 22 killer whales and billions of salmon and herring eggs. The captain of the ship, whom investigators found may have been impaired by alcohol, took the brunt of the blame. But the National Transportation Safety Board painted a more complex picture, in which cutbacks at Exxon had left the crew of the tanker overworked. In the years before the grounding, in the face of waning oil prices, the company had cut 40% of its workforce, including its team of oil spill specialists. Exxon would spend $2.1 billion cleaning up the mess and pay billions more on fines, penalties and legal settlements. The incident would live on in the national consciousness and permanently scar Exxon’s reputation. In his book “Private Empire: ExxonMobil and American Power,” investigative journalist Steve Coll wrote that the company’s rank in Fortune magazine’s list of most admired companies in America dropped from sixth to 110th after the grounding. But Exxon sold a product that everyone needed, and the company would eventually recover. The break-up of the Soviet Union and other geopolitical changes opened up new opportunities for the company and it continued to expand its business hand-in-hand with America’s rise as the world’s dominant superpower. “In effect, Exxon was America’s foreign policy,” Coll wrote. In recent decades, growing global concern about climate change has threatened the company’s business model. Scientists over the latter half of the 20th century were learning more about the warming of the planet and were able to draw a direct connection to the fossil fuel industry. Burning oil, gas and coal releases carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that trap heat in the atmosphere. Research concluded that global average temperatures have risen hand in hand as levels of those gases have built up, causing glaciers to melt, sea levels to rise, and disrupting weather patterns all around the world. ExxonMobil ranks fifth among the world’s largest cumulative producers of emissions since 1854, according to the Carbon Majors database. As early as the1970s, according to journalists and researchers, Exxon knew about the dangers of fossil fuel combustion but, along with others in the fossil fuel industry, worked to sow doubt about the scientific consensus. The website Inside Climate News and the Los Angeles Times uncovered internal company documents that showed that Exxon had conducted its own research and concluded that a buildup of atmospheric carbon dioxide from fossil fuel use was causing the planet to warm. Exxon’s projections were found to be consistent with the broader scientific consensus on climate change, Harvard researchers found. The investigations hatched the hashtag "#ExxonKnew" and became the basis for a spate of climate liability lawsuits filed against the company by cities and states seeking restitution for damage from storms and other impacts of the warming world. The fate of the lawsuits hangs in the balance, with the U.S. Supreme Court set to review the legal basis for them as soon as the fall of 2026. Robert Brulle, a visiting professor at Brown University who studies fossil fuel lobbying, said ExxonMobil led efforts to discredit climate science that successfully impeded government intervention. “It consistently promoted the idea that the science on climate change was uncertain and did not justify action,” he said. ExxonMobil has disputed allegations that it tried to mislead the public on climate change. The company has acknowledged that climate change is real since the mid-2000s and stopped funding groups that deny the science at around the same time. These days, the company, in public statements does not argue against the connection between fossil fuel combustion and climate change. And while chief executive Darren Woods has complained in interviews with the media about “ideologues” looking for someone to blame, he has also acknowledged the need to decarbonize. “The understanding of this challenge has moved on,” Woods said in a Fortune magazine podcast in 2024. “I think for where we are today is how can we contribute to a solution set, not debate the past.” Under President Joseph Biden, the country moved to transition the economy to renewable energy and reduce its reliance on fossil fuels. But after taking a big hit during the COVID pandemic, ExxonMobil’s business bounced back as the war in Ukraine pushed up oil prices. For 2022, the company posted a $55 billion annual profit, a record for the U.S. oil industry. And with Donald Trump’s reelection to the presidency, the prospects for ExxonMobil and other oil and gas companies appear to be better than ever. The federal government has led an all-out assault on renewables, quashing the development of offshore wind, solar and the like, in favor of a reinvigorated embrace of fossil fuels. In what could be a defining moment for the future of the oil and gas industry in America, the Trump administration repealed the endangerment finding on emissions, undercutting the legal basis for curbing fossil fuel combustion. ExxonMobil has ridden out the good times and bad with a singular focus on selling what Woods recently described as “all the products that make modern life possible.” “It’s just a question of, what does the world need and what can we do to meet those needs,” Woods said at a Wall Street Journal Leadership Institute event in September 2025. Downey said the company is successful because it always takes the long-term view, looking decades ahead to plan its investments. “Given its massive scale, technical expertise, and integrated supply chains, it is positioned to remain a central player,” he said. The Iconic Brands 50 identifies American companies that most profoundly shaped the nation’s identity, economy and culture. Selection emphasized historical significance, industry-building innovation, measurable economic influence and lasting cultural impact. Brands were chosen for transforming daily life or becoming enduring symbols of American values. Long-term relevance and sustained national influence carried greater weight than short-term financial performance or recent popularity.