Title: Rethinking Nike: Is the Iconic Brand Still a Buy Based on its Turnaround Story?
Date: 2026-04-14 22:45:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/rethinking-nike-is-the-iconic-brand-still-a-buy-af/?.tsrc=rss

It's not time to bail on Nike just yet. Investing in a turnaround company is exciting because if you're right that the management team can right the ship, you're rewarded with a rising stock price.  That's what may have largely attracted some newer shareholders to Nike (NKE +2.81%), as Elliott Hill took the helm as CEO in late 2024 to get the iconic sneaker seller back on track.  But the company's latest earnings report also highlighted one risk of investing in a turnaround story.  Image source: Getty Images. Nike faced several challenges over the last few years, but broadly, the narrative has been about the retailer trying to regain relevance. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Relying more on its iconic status than on innovation, Nike has been left with aging inventory that requires heavy discounts to sell. The company is slowly regaining momentum, with its fiscal 2026 third quarter  highlighting progress in its running and global football divisions, as well as improving wholesale revenue in North America. It's also seeing strong demand for its Nike Mind platform, which attracted more than 2 million signups for its innovative footwear.  When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.  Still, it wasn't enough to offset a disappointing outlook for the future. For Q4 2026, Nike expects total revenue to fall as much as 4% year over year, while revenue from China is expected to decline by around 20%. The risks of investing in a turnaround are that it may take longer than expected or never happen at all. For Nike shareholders, the good news is that this appears to be a case of taking longer.  Wall Street is currently fixated on Nike's China revenue, as that 20% drop is an eye-catching figure. But as management has shared, that is part of a plan to reduce sales and prevent inventory from piling up. I would watch for updates on how that's going, but I wouldn't forget to pay attention to North America as part of the turnaround, as it was the company's largest revenue source in 2025.  Management said the region is "leading our comeback," and if Nike can keep innovating and driving new sales, it can eventually be a successful turnaround story. It will just require management to execute and patience from investors to reap the potential rewards.  Here's How Our CEO Is Responding. The S&P 500 is more concentrated than the dot-com peak. The companies AI hit are in most investors' portfolios. And most investors are holding a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Tom Gardner didn't think members should have to figure out the fix on their own. So he built the whole thing for you, and he's putting our own company money into it alongside members. Continue › Jack Delaney has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.