Title: US consumers haven't fallen off a cliff with $4 gas: JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon
Date: 2026-04-15 13:40:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/us-consumers-havent-fallen-off-a-cliff-with-4-gas-jpmorgan-ceo-jamie-dimon-134043759.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected People still have jobs to pay for that $4 per gallon gas, at least according to JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon. "So if you look at gas, it's literally a rather small component of consumer spend," Dimon told Yahoo Finance on a media call Tuesday when asked why the consumer has remained so resilient. "So obviously, for the lower-income people, it's more. But they have jobs, and they have wages ... People need some extra income to fix a car or medical bill, they maybe take a gig job or cut back on travel or something like that. But always think the most important thing is jobs. And there's plenty of jobs. Unemployment is rather low, so that's what it is." Why has consumer sentiment reached record lows recently? How might geopolitical tensions affect economic stability? How does gas price impact consumer spending patterns? What factors are driving current oil price volatility? The US economy added a surprising 178,000 jobs in March after a dismal run of employment reports. The unemployment rate ticked down to 4.3%. Whether that consumer resilience can continue if the US-Iran conflict continues is anyone's guess. But the backdrop for consumer spending remains mixed, at best. Read more: What an extended war with Iran could mean for gas prices Over the past several days, oil prices have undergone a volatile relief-and-retreat cycle as the market reacted to the shifting geopolitical landscape in the Middle East. After peaking near $120 a barrel amid Operation Epic Fury, prices plunged sharply early last week. The sell-off in oil prices has continued into this week, with WTI crude (CL=F) now hovering around $92 per barrel. The nation's average gasoline price has been virtually unchanged over the past week and stands at $4.07 per gallon, according to the latest data from GasBuddy. "The move toward a full blockade of the Strait of Hormuz is compounding global supply concerns and risks further disrupting flows, which pushed oil prices sharply higher in Sunday night trading," GasBuddy head of petroleum analysis Patrick De Haan warned. "As a result, gasoline prices are likely to jump again this week, with diesel expected to follow, until there is a meaningful restoration of shipping through the strait." Read more: How oil price shocks ripple through your wallet, from gas to groceries Consumer weakness has subsequently started to appear. In early April, the University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment Index tanked to a record low of 47.6, down from 53.3 in March. This is the lowest reading since the survey began in 1952, with consumers calling out the Iran conflict and soaring gas prices as the main reasons for their pessimism. Constellation Brands (STZ) — the US maker of Modelo and Corona beers — withdrew its previously issued fiscal 2028 outlook last week. It reported slightly weaker demand as consumers navigate high prices across the board. "Hopefully it's not a cliff of that form," Chicago Fed president Austan Goolsbee told Yahoo Finance (video above) on whether $4 gas would break the economy. "Some economic problems, as I say, are subtle and some are not subtle at all. This is a problem of high oil prices, not subtle. You drive down the street, you see a gas station. You know basically what the struggle will be to US consumers, that they're going to have energy prices go up." Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio