Title: Q1 Earnings Season Starts off Strong
Date: 2026-04-15 23:27:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/q1-earnings-season-starts-off-232700956.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Note: The following is an excerpt from this week’s Earnings Trends report. You can access the full report that contains detailed historical actual and estimates for the current and following periods, please click here>>> Here are the key points: We are off to a strong start to the Q1 earnings season, with companies not only comfortably beating consensus estimates but also providing a reassuring read on the economy despite elevated energy costs and other risks. The momentum is particularly notable on the revenues side at this early stage in the reporting cycle, both in terms of the growth pace as well as the beats percentages.   For the 32 S&P 500 companies that have already reported Q1 results, total earnings are up +30.5% from the same period last year on +13.2% higher revenues, with 78.1% beating EPS estimates and 84.4% beating revenue estimates. The earnings and revenue growth rates, and revenue beat percentages, for these companies are notably above what we have seen from this group in other recent periods.   For the Finance sector, we now have Q1 results from 34% of the sector’s market capitalization in the S&P 500 index. Total earnings for these companies are up +18.3% from the same period last year on +11.5% higher revenues, with 90% beating EPS estimates and 80% beating revenue estimates. These Q1 results compare favorably with what we have seen from this same group of companies in other recent periods.   Looking at Q1 as a whole, combining the actual results from the 32 index members that have reported with estimates for the still-to-come companies, total S&P 500 earnings are currently expected to increase by +13.9% from the same period last year on +9.5% higher revenues. This would follow the +14.1% increase in earnings on +9.1% higher revenues in the preceding period (2025 Q4).   It is still early in the Q1 reporting cycle, with results from only 32 S&P 500 members out at this stage. But we are nevertheless off to a great start, with companies comfortably beating consensus estimates that had actually moved higher ahead of the start of the earnings season and providing a reassuring read on underlying business trends. High oil prices as a result of the Middle East conflict have undoubtedly increased risks to the outlook. But the U.S. economy remains in stable condition, as reiterated by management teams at JPMorgan JPM, Wells Fargo WFC, and other banks that came out with better-than-expected quarterly results. JPMorgan came out with top- and bottom-lines beats, with earnings up +12.6% from the same period last year on +10% higher revenues. Earnings and revenues at Wells Fargo were up +14.6% and +6.4%, respectively, while the bank missed estimates on both counts. Net interest income (NII) increased +9% at JPMorgan for the quarter, though the bank’s full-year 2026 NII guidance was a hair on the lighter side. Net interest income at Wells Fargo increased +5% from the same period last year, with the bank reiterating full-year guidance. Both JPMorgan and Wells Fargo enjoyed strong growth in their loan portfolios, up +11% at each bank. Total Q1 earnings for the Zacks Investment Banks/Managers industry, of which JPMorgan, Citigroup C, and Wells Fargo are a part, are expected to increase by +19.7% from the same period last year on +10.5% higher revenues, as the table below shows. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research For the Finance sector as a whole, Q1 earnings are expected to increase by +26.7% on +9.8% higher revenues, which will follow the sector’s +17.3% earnings growth on +7.4% higher revenues in the preceding period. The chart below shows the earnings and revenue growth picture for the Zacks Finance sector on a quarterly basis. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The chart below shows the sector’s earnings growth picture on an annual basis. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The Finance sector is the second largest earnings contributor to the S&P 500 index, behind only the Tech sector, accounting for 17.2% of the index’s expected forward 12-month earnings. The chart below shows S&P 500 expectations for 2026 Q1 in terms of what was achieved in the preceding four periods and what is currently expected for the following three quarters. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research The chart below shows the overall earnings picture for the S&P 500 index on an annual basis. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research An interesting development on the revisions front has been the evolution of full-year 2026 estimates since the start of the Iran war. No surprises in the trend reversal in Energy sector estimates since the start of March, but estimates for 8 other sectors have also moved higher in that time period. The Tech sector’s positive revisions trend has continued in this period, while the revisions trends for the Basic Materials and Consumer Staples sectors shifted from negative to positive since the start of March. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) : Free Stock Analysis Report JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Citigroup Inc. (C) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio