Title: Copper Prices Slip as Traders Eye Talks to End Iran Conflict
Date: 2026-04-15 17:20:12
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/commodities/articles/copper-prices-swing-traders-eye-095852207.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected (Bloomberg) -- Copper edged lower as traders eyed the prospect of peace negotiations between the US and Iran. The US and Iran are considering extending their ceasefire that ends on Tuesday by another two weeks to allow more time to negotiate a peace agreement, according to a person familiar with the matter. Mediators between the warring sides are trying to set up technical talks to resolve the most contentious issues, said the person, who asked not to be named discussing sensitive matters. Those include reopening the Strait of Hormuz and Iran’s nuclear enrichment, they said. Most base metals have been whipsawed since the conflict erupted, with prices initially falling due to concerns over the impact of supply chain disruption and slowing economic growth. Risk appetite returned after a temporary ceasefire was agreed last week, and has been reinforced by reports that Washington and Tehran are looking to arrange a second round of talks in the coming days, along with signs of Chinese demand. “Copper’s coming back. First the restocking in China, then the inflation concerns dissipated amid the peace talks,” said Fan Rui, an analyst with Guoyuan Futures Co. “The worst is over.” Chinese fabricators have stepped up purchases after domestic copper prices fell below 100,000 yuan a ton in recent weeks due to the war, leading to a significant drawdown in domestic inventories. Despite the near-term economic impact of the energy crisis, the sharp shock could also prove beneficial for the metal’s long-term growth as economies pivot toward electrification, Trafigura Group analyst Henry Van said at an industry conference in Santiago. “All of the big trends that have been pushing copper higher are now going to be supercharged,” he said. “There is a bigger incentive than ever before to do more electrification and insulate energy consumption from geopolitical shocks.” Copper is expected to return to record highs this quarter as China “puts the foot down” on purchasing for its electricity grid, according to Nicholas Snowdon, chief metals economist at Mercuria Energy Group Ltd. Mercuria sees “intense global competition” for copper cathode, with record high prices a matter of when not if, Snowdon said Wednesday in a presentation at an industry conference in Santiago. The copper market is also weighing the prospect for a further rush to import copper to the US, after front-month prices on New York’s Comex exchange rose to a premium of $283 a ton above those on the LME this week, the highest since December. US President Donald Trump’s planned tariffs on copper imports into the country led to a surge in Comex prices last year and enabled traders to make huge profits shipping copper into Comex warehouses in the US. Investors still expect a decision on tariffs for refined copper by the end of June, when the Department of Commerce is set to deliver an update on US copper markets. Copper was down 0.3% to settle at $13,247.50 a metric ton on the London Metal Exchange. Comex copper prices were little changed. Aluminum – which has rallied strongly since the war began, given supply concerns due to the effective closure of the Strait of Hormuz and attacks on smelters in the Persian Gulf region – climbed 1.6% to settle at $3,621.50 a ton. The aluminum market has now likely reached a “metaphorical point of no return for supply in the coming quarters, where no matter what happens regarding transit of material in and out of the Strait of Hormuz in the near term, the global aluminum market will face a serious and prolonged supply outage,” analysts at JPMorgan said in an emailed note this week. The bank is now expecting a 1.9 million-ton supply deficit for 2026, which would the largest since 2000 when accounting for market size. It sees the potential for prices to breach $4,000 a ton in the coming months, analysts led by Gregory Shearer said. More stories like this are available on bloomberg.com ©2026 Bloomberg L.P. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio