Title: High Crude Oil Prices: 3 Integrated Energy Stocks to Bet on Right Away
Date: 2026-04-15 14:44:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/high-crude-oil-prices-3-144400247.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected The crude pricing environment is highly favorable for the integrated energy company’s exploration and production operations. The integrated players also have a stable midstream business that generates cashflows during all the business cycles, thereby making the prospects of the Zacks Oil and Gas Integrated International industry promising.Also, due to their integrated business model, Exxon Mobil Corporation XOM, Chevron Corporation CVX and BP plc BP are well-positioned to make the most of the promising business environment. About the Industry The Zacks Oil and Gas Integrated International industry covers companies primarily involved in upstream, midstream and downstream operations. These companies have upstream businesses in the United States (including prolific shale plays and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico), Asia, South America, Africa, Australia and Europe. Midstream operations of energy companies entail transporting oil, natural gas liquids and refined petroleum products. In downstream businesses, the firms buy raw crude to produce refined petroleum products. The companies’ downstream activities involve chemical businesses that manufacture raw materials for making plastics. The integrated players are now gradually focusing on renewables, leading to the energy transition. The firms aim to lower emissions from operations and cut the carbon intensity of the products sold. 3 Trends Shaping the Future of the Industry High Oil Price to Aid Cash Flows: The price of West Texas Intermediate (“WTI”) crude is trading at more than the $90 per barrel mark. The high price is being backed by ongoing tensions in the Middle East. Also, the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) in its latest short-term energy outlook projected WTI at $87.41 per barrel this year, higher than $65.40 last year. A highly favorable pricing environment for the commodity is likely to continue to back the upstream operations of the integrated energy players. Sturdy Midstream Demand: With the possibility of upstream activities to ramp up, thanks to strong commodity prices, oil and gas production is expected to increase further. This will likely boost the demand for pipeline and storage assets since more commodities will need to be transported and stored. Importantly, the midstream business has lower exposure to commodity price volatility since shippers generally book pipeline assets for the long term, thereby generating stable fee-based revenues. Business Diversification: International integrated energy companies are gradually investing in the renewable business. Thus, by diversifying operations, companies will be able to capitalize on the mounting demand for cleaner energy. Zacks Industry Rank Indicates Bullish Prospects The Zacks Oil and Gas Integrated International industry is part of the broader Zacks Oil - Energy sector. The industry carries a Zacks Industry Rank #3, which places it in the top 1% of more than 250 Zacks industries. The group’s Zacks Industry Rank, which is basically the average of the Zacks Rank of all the member stocks, indicates bleak near-term prospects. Our research shows that the top 50% of the Zacks-ranked industries outperform the bottom 50% by a factor of more than 2 to 1. Before we present a few stocks that you may want to bet on, let’s take a look at the industry’s recent stock market performance and valuation picture. Industry Outperforms the Sector and the S&P 500 The Zacks Oil and Gas Integrated International industry has outperformed the broader Zacks Oil - Energy sector and the Zacks S&P 500 composite over the past year. The industry has rallied 50.3% over this period compared with the S&P 500’s surge of 36.3% and the broader sector’s improvement of 47%. One-Year Price Performance Industry's Current Valuation Since oil and gas companies are debt-laden, it makes sense to value them based on the Enterprise Value/Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization (EV/EBITDA) ratio. This is because the valuation metric takes not just equity into account but also the level of debt. On the basis of the trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA, the industry is currently trading at 6.68X, lower than the S&P 500’s 18.20X. It is also below the sector’s trailing 12-month EV/EBITDA of 6.91X. Over the past five years, the industry has traded as high as 7.30X and as low as 2.80X, with a median of 4.19X. Trailing 12-Month EV/EBITDA Ratio 3 Integrated International Stocks to Bet on Right Away BP is an integrated energy giant and is well-positioned to capitalize on high oil prices through its upstream operations. Notably, increasing global demand for LNG will continue to support natural gas. Therefore, BP, currently sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), through its upstream activities, is well-positioned to benefit from the rising demand for clean energy.  You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.  Price and Consensus: BP With upstream businesses contributing the most to its earnings, ExxonMobil’s business outlook seems promising, thanks to high oil prices. Investors should also keep in mind that XOM, carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), has a strong balance sheet, on which it could rely during an unfavorable business environment. The debt to capitalization of ExxonMobil stands at 14.04%, lower than the 30.1% of the industry’s composite stocks. Coming to the integrated energy giant’s dividend commitment story, over the past 43 years, ExxonMobil has been rewarding its shareholders with annual dividend hikes at an average rate of 5.8%. Price and Consensus: XOM Chevron is an integrated energy giant with a stable business model. In the Permian, the most prolific basin in the United States, CVX, with a Zacks Rank of 1, has a strong footprint. Also, the company has a pristine balance sheet with significantly lower debt capital exposure than the industry’s composite stocks. Price and Consensus: CVX Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) : Free Stock Analysis Report BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio