Title: 4 Dividend Energy Stocks to Buy in April
Date: 2026-04-14 21:35:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/4-dividend-energy-stocks-to-buy-in-april/?.tsrc=rss

If you are looking at the energy sector, now isn't the time for dividend investors to take on big risks. Dividends are a direct return on your investment, but not all dividends are created equal. If you are using dividends to supplement Social Security in retirement, you need to focus on companies that have proven they can support their dividend through thick and thin. In the energy sector, rising oil prices will make it easier for riskier companies to pay big dividends.  Dividend investors should err on the side of caution rather than reach for yield in the current environment. If you want direct oil exposure, ExxonMobil (XOM 0.05%) and Chevron (CVX 1.13%) are solid options. However, you can gain exposure to the energy sector while minimizing commodity exposure through midstream businesses such as Enterprise Products Partners (EPD 0.40%) and Enbridge (ENB 0.66%). Here's why these four reliable dividend payers should be on your short list right now. When oil prices are high, oil companies can make a lot of money. When oil prices eventually fall, as they always have historically after price spikes, oil companies will see their results weaken. If you are a long-term dividend investor, you want to own companies that can pay you through the entire cycle. Exxon and Chevron both have more than a quarter-century of annual dividend increases behind them. Exxon's yield is 2.7%, while Chevron's yield is 3.7%. Image source: Getty Images. Both Exxon and Chevron have businesses that span the entire energy sector, from the upstream (production) to the midstream (pipelines) to the downstream (chemicals and refining). This diversification helps to blunt the impact of the industry's swings. On the topic of diversification, they also have geographically diverse portfolios, so events in one area won't derail the entire business. And they have extremely strong balance sheets, which allow them to take on debt to support their business and dividends when oil prices are weak. Exxon and Chevron are the kinds of dividend-paying energy stocks you can buy and comfortably hold for the long term. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. However, you still have options if you don't really want to take on commodity risk. The midstream is filled with high-yield investments backed by fee-based business models. These are not commodity-driven operations like upstream and downstream businesses are.  Enterprise Products Partners and Enbridge both own energy infrastructure assets, such as pipelines, that transport oil around the world. But they get paid based on the volume of oil being moved, so the price of oil isn't all that important. All in, they generate reliable cash flows to support large dividends whether oil prices are high or low. Enterprise's distribution yield is 5.8%, and Enbridge's dividend yield is 5.3%. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.  The real proof of their reliability is in the payment history. Enterprise, a master limited partnership, has increased its distribution for 27 years, which is roughly as long as it has been publicly traded. Enbridge's streak is up to 31 years. Also, being focused on North America, both businesses operate far away from the conflict in the Middle East. There's little risk of their businesses being disrupted. The one problem with each of these high-yielders, however, is that they are slow-growing businesses. The yield will make up a large part of an investor's return over time. That probably won't be an issue for you if you are looking to maximize the income your portfolio generates. It is easy to be excited about energy stocks when oil prices are high. But that is exactly the time when investors need to tread with caution because the history of the energy sector is very clear: oil prices will eventually fall. Dividend investors need to keep that fact in mind as they look for energy stocks in the current market. Exxon, Chevron, Enterprise, and Enbridge have all proven they can survive periods of weak energy prices while continuing to reliably pay shareholders their dividends.  Here's How Our CEO Is Responding. The S&P 500 is more concentrated than the dot-com peak. The companies AI hit are in most investors' portfolios. And most investors are holding a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Tom Gardner didn't think members should have to figure out the fix on their own. So he built the whole thing for you, and he's putting our own company money into it alongside members. Continue › Reuben Gregg Brewer has positions in Enbridge. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Chevron and Enbridge. The Motley Fool recommends Enterprise Products Partners. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.