Title: Susquehanna Raises Price Target on Halliburton (HAL)
Date: 2026-04-14 05:29:08
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/susquehanna-raises-price-target-halliburton-052908294.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) is one of the 10 best oil and gas equipment & services stocks to buy according to hedge funds. On April 7, Charles Minervino from Susquehanna increased the price target on Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) from $40 to $45 while maintaining a Positive rating on the stock. This upward revision is backed by the comprehensive first-quarter results, which led the analyst to adjust targets for the oilfield services segment. According to Minervino, the ongoing conflict between the U.S. and Iran has acted as a positive catalyst for the increased prices of general commodities alongside oil and natural gas equities. QiuJu Song/Shuterrstock.com Simultaneously, Minervino has reduced estimates for entities exposed to the Middle East, citing increased operational expenses, ongoing disruptions, and potential project delays. However, tightening supply conditions ultimately creates a substantially more positive outlook for the industry across the medium and extended timelines. On April 6, Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL), along with PETRONAS Suriname Exploration & Production BV and Valaris Limited, signed a Strategic Collaboration Agreement to support the growth of the assets of PETRONAS Suriname. The strategic collaboration allows Halliburton, PETRONAS Suriname, and Valaris to collaborate during all phases of asset development. The strategic collaboration is an expression of unity in creating strong project preparation, better execution, and value. According to Shannon Slocum, Chief Operating Officer at Halliburton Company, the agreement demonstrates the belief of PETRONAS Suriname in the benefits of early collaboration, which allows executing projects with readiness from the start. Slocum stressed that the integration of subsurface knowledge and well engineering will improve alignment and ensure efficient project execution by working closely with PETRONAS Suriname and Valaris. Halliburton Co. (NYSE:HAL) operates within the energy sector, offering various production enhancement solutions as well as electrical submersible pumps, artificial lift services, and more. Its portfolio also includes various drilling services, AI solutions, subsea services, and more. While we acknowledge the potential of HAL as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock. READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years. Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio