Title: From Band-Aids to biotech, Johnson & Johnson became an American icon
Date: 2026-04-15 09:06:52
URL: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/usa250/2026/04/15/johnson-and-johnson-iconic-american-brand/88885232007/?.tsrc=rss

This story is part of the Iconic Brands series, a USA TODAY network project showcasing the companies and brands that helped shape the nation's identity, economy and culture. The series celebrates American ingenuity with a deeply reported examination of how brands intersect with history, community and everyday life in celebration of the nation's 250th anniversary. Find more at https://usatoday.com/usa250/iconic-brands NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ ‒ Robert Wood Johnson was a 31-year-old pharmacist in 1876 when he made his way to the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia, where he could get a glimpse of the newest inventions, including Alexander Graham Bell’s telephone and popcorn. Johnson, a New York pharmacist, was most intrigued by a lecture by the English surgeon Dr. Joseph Lister about his new procedure, sterile surgery, which was showing promising results reducing infections and death from operations. As Johnson listened to Lister discuss his findings, he became convinced Lister was onto something: “The future of surgery is to make it sterile and survivable for patients,” Johnson & Johnson historian Margaret Gurowitz said. A decade later, Robert Wood Johnson joined his brothers, James and Edward Mead, to form Johnson & Johnson — a business that became one of the world's largest health care companies, selling pharmaceutical drugs, medical devices and, until 2023, consumer products with household names. Even today, baby boomers and Gen Xers can no doubt sing the “I am stuck on Band-Aids” jingle and tell you Johnson’s baby shampoo means “No More Tears.” Johnson & Johnson developed a blue-chip reputation in management circles, too, thanks to “Our Credo,” a mission statement written in 1943 that argued the company's commitment to social responsibility would lead to higher profits and a return on shareholders' investments. The credo guided management’s response to the 1982 Tylenol crisis, when seven consumers in Chicago died after taking the company's pain-relief pills that were laced with cyanide. And the credo has more recently been looked at with skepticism as J&J faced high-profile lawsuits over products such as baby powder and opioid medication. As Johnson & Johnson enters a new era, it continues to tout “Our Credo,” while trying to maintain its reputation among Americans who are increasingly distrustful of science and institutions. “They have had a commitment to innovation and pioneering since Day One in 1886, when the company started that's really unique, and they have spent so much time developing a strong corporate identity and a halo of trust that permeates all of its brands,” said Alexandra Kunish, a professor of professional practice at Rutgers Business School. Kunish, who worked in J&J’s consumer products division from 2006 to 2012, added: “I think that there are consumers that have a distrust of big companies. That's a trend. But I think it goes back to being true to who your brand is and standing firm in that." Johnson & Johnson in 2025 had revenue of $94.2 billion, net income of $26.8 billion and 138,200 employees. The company traces its beginnings to the Civil War, when Robert Wood Johnson’s parents found an apprenticeship for him at a family-owned pharmacy in Poughkeepsie, New York, in hopes that he wouldn’t follow two of his brothers, who enlisted to fight for the union. Robert Wood saw the impact the gruesome war had on soldiers and the need for better medical supplies. It was brother James Mead, who, during a train trip from New York to Philadelphia, saw a factory for rent at a stop in New Brunswick. The location was halfway between the two giant cities. It had access to a railroad, the Raritan River and the Delaware-Raritan Canal, making it easier to ship its products nationwide. The company rented the top floor and opened in 1886 with 14 employees, eight of whom were women. The company mass produced sterile surgical supplies, including sutures, gauze and bandages. And it published "Modern Methods of Antiseptic Wound Treatment," a guide on how to perform sterile operations that salespeople distributed to pharmacists, doctors and surgeons. Johnson & Johnson began to innovate. It sold first-aid kits in 1888 after Robert Wood Johnson on a train ride to Colorado learned that rural rail workers were having trouble getting medical care. And it began selling Band-Aids in 1921 after J&J cotton buyer Earle Dickson put gauze on adhesive tape to treat his wife's cuts from household chores. Gen. Robert Wood Johnson, the founder’s son, became the company’s president in 1932 and pioneered the idea of corporate social responsibility. During the Great Depression, Johnson & Johnson retained its employees, gave them 5% raises and provided a 5% bonus in 1937 and 1938.  And Johnson wrote President Franklin Delano Roosevelt a letter supporting a policy to provide workers with shorter hours and higher pay. In 1943, on the eve of the company going public, Johnson penned “Our Credo,” a mission statement to serve as an ethical guidepost. The company, he said, needed to sell the highest quality products and strive to reduce their costs; pay its workers fair and adequate wages; recruit executives who had talent, experience and common sense; support charities and bear its share of taxes; and invest in research, take chances and pay for mistakes. “When these things have been done the stockholders should receive a fair return,” the credo says. Johnson & Johnson grew by acquisitions after World War II, adding companies including McNeil Laboratories, which made the pain reliever Tylenol; Janssen Pharmaceuticals, whose discoveries included anti-psychotic drugs; DePuy, which made the first knee and hip replacement implants; and Centocor, one of the world’s first biotechnology companies. But it was its baby products reinforced with advertising campaigns that made J&J an iconic brand. Catherine Baker-May, 61, a real estate agent from Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey, remembers her mother bringing home J&J’s powder, lotions and shampoo. It left such an imprint that when her fourth grade class studied New Jersey history, she decided to write a paper about Johnson & Johnson. “It was a trusted consumer brand name organically positioned right here in New Jersey,” Baker-May said. “I remember doing a whole thing about (its headquarters in) New Brunswick and how (Johnson & Johnson) helped provide jobs and things like that for the local communities.” The warm feelings around the brand didn’t last. Johnson & Johnson landed in a crisis in 1982 when seven people in the Chicago area died after taking Tylenol that was found to be laced with potassium cyanide. James Burke, J&J’s chief executive officer, seemed to be guided by the credo. The company quickly warned consumers not to take Tylenol. It recalled 31 million bottles, costing some $100 million. It redesigned the bottles to become tamper proof. And, experts said, the product — and the company’s trustworthy reputation — was saved. The case, the subject of a Netflix documentary in 2025, remains unsolved. “A lot of marketing experts predicted that the brand was done, we're not going see it in the stores anymore,” said Alexander Chernev, professor of marketing at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management in Evanston, Illinois. “But Tylenol was part of the brand strength that Johnson & Johnson built over time. What they did to handle the crisis, it's still, even today, considered a template for how to manage a PR or brand crisis,” he said. Johnson & Johnson hasn’t been immune from criticism. The company’s stellar reputation has been bruised in recent years, prompting critics to wonder if the credo is a remnant of a different age in corporate management. For example, J&J agreed in 2021 to pay up to $5 billion to settle a nationwide case in which it was accused of deceptively marketing opioid medication. The company didn’t admit to liability or wrongdoing.    It faces some 60,000 lawsuits from consumers who say its talcum-based products were contaminated with asbestos and caused cancer. Johnson & Johnson said decades of scientific testing have shown that talc is safe. The claims have been filed as Americans’ trust in institutions has frayed and scientific research has been called into question. Some 68% of Americans viewed big corporations negatively in a 2024 poll by Pew Research, with little difference between Republicans and Democrats. The political landscape poses a challenge for Johnson & Johnson: How does it establish trust when misinformation runs rampant? The company should tackle big societal health problems, like cancer, and rely on employees and medical professionals to relay the information to patients, said Lindsey Dietschi, a professor of management communication at the New York University Stern School of Business. Notably, nurses are considered the most honest and ethical professionals by a wide margin, a 2025 Gallup poll showed. “When we think of even the broader health care industry or large health care institutions, that feeling of connection can be more distant,” said Dietschi, who worked at Pfizer for 22 years. “But when we're talking one-on-one with someone or we're hearing from someone that works at the company, there's so much about what they see firsthand, the progress that's happening inside the building every day.” Johnson & Johnson has moved into a new era. It spun off its consumer division with some of its best-known brands in 2023 into Kenvue to focus on the faster growing parts of its business — pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Kevnue was acquired in 2025 by Kimberly-Clark. J&J’s biggest selling product is a drug called Darzalex, a monoclonal antibody that treats adults with multiple myeloma, a type of blood cancer. The drug generated $14 billion in sales in 2025, accounting for 15% of the company's overall revenue. Darzalex might not have the name recognition of Band-Aid or Tylenol. But it is the type of groundbreaking therapy that Johnson & Johnson executives say could put the company on the path to curing cancer. The company faces headwinds that can make the environment feel uncertain, said Vanessa Broadhurst, executive vice president of global corporate affairs for Johnson & Johnson. “But I can tell you with certainty that the science is advancing so fast that there are going to be therapies and hopefully cures that you can't even imagine today within the next 10 to 20 years,” she said. “So I think that's going to be the new history of the company. It’s going to be iconic for the solutions that it actually brings to humanity.” The Iconic Brands 50 identifies American companies that most profoundly shaped the nation’s identity, economy and culture. Selection emphasized historical significance, industry-building innovation, measurable economic influence and lasting cultural impact. Brands were chosen for transforming daily life or becoming enduring symbols of American values. Long-term relevance and sustained national influence carried greater weight than short-term financial performance or recent popularity. Michael L. Diamond is a business reporter at the Asbury Park Press. He has been writing about the New Jersey economy and health care industry since 1999. He can be reached at mdiamond@gannettnj.com