Title: J&J sets the tone for Q1 earnings with strong oncology growth
Date: 2026-04-15 11:29:41
URL: https://www.pharmaceutical-technology.com/news/jj-q1-2026-earnings-pharma-oncology/?.tsrc=rss

The pharma giant’s CEO, Joaquin Duato, forecasts strong growth acceleration for 2026, driven in part by psoriasis pill, Icotyde.  As companies across the life sciences space gear up to debut their Q1 earnings, Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has kicked off proceedings by posting healthy growth across its pharma portfolio, despite headwinds from Stelara’s (ustekinumab) loss of market exclusivity. In the first quarter of 2026, J&J achieved sales of $24.1bn – up 9.9% from Q1 in 2025 and higher than analyst expectations of $23.61bn – with the New Jersey-based pharma attaining operational growth of 6.4%. J&J’s adjusted earnings per share (EPS) stood at $2.70, beating Wall Street expectations of $2.68. 
                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                     
                            Find out more
                            



 
						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					 
							Find out more  Burgeoning Q1 sales across J&J’s innovative medicines portfolio primarily drove this uptick, as the division saw an 11.2% increase compared with the same quarter in 2025, bringing in $15.4bn. Growth within this segment was primarily supported by ballooning sales across multiple disease areas. Oncology was a big money maker for J&J in Q1, with multiple myeloma therapies like Darzalex (daratumumab) and Carvykti (ciltacabtagene autoleucel), among others, bringing in a total of $6.97bn for the company. Neuroscience also saw strong growth driven by treatment-resistant depression (TRD) therapy, Spravato (esketamine), while Tremfya (guselkumab) offered a boost to sales within the company’s immunology portfolio. Despite the overall growth, biosimilar competition for Stelara did cause some headwinds for J&J this quarter – offsetting the pharma’s growth during this period. Amid the backdrop of a generally positive Q1, J&J has boosted its 2026 outlook, forecasting that the company will see operational sales growth of 5.6% – 6.6% rather than the 5.4% – 6.4% predicted in January 2026. According to J&J’s CEO, Joaquin Duato, the company is on the right track to post double-digit growth by the end of the decade, with the approval and debut of its IL-23 plaque psoriasis pill, Icotyde (icotrokinra), set to plug the sales gap left by Stelara. Currently, GlobalData analysts tout a blockbuster future for the therapy, with 2032 sales expected to reach $4.4bn globally. In a previous conversation with Pharmaceutical Technology, GlobalData analyst Stephanie Ngan noted that Icotyde’s approval in both the adult and adolescent patient population “immediately casts a wider net” for the drug’s early and broad uptake. J&J hopes to achieve this amid the backdrop of its Most Favored Nation (MFN) pricing deal with the White House, which will see certain branded medicines in the pharma company’s portfolio endure a US price cut in exchange for exemption from 100% tariffs.  
                The gold standard of business intelligence.
             

                    Find out more
                    



 Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.  





 




                                                                                                                        Pharma Technology Focus : Pharmaceutical Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 




                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        


 



Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 

 View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network. 
		The leading site for news and procurement in the pharmaceutical industry 
				Powered by
				
 © GlobalData Plc 2026 These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.