Title: Poolbeg Pharma wins UK regulatory clearance for cancer immunotherapy trial
Date: 2026-04-15 07:47:00
URL: https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/1090571/poolbeg-pharma-wins-uk-regulatory-clearance-for-cancer-immunotherapy-trial-1090571.html?.tsrc=rss

Ian Lyall, a seasoned journalist and editor, brings over three decades of experience to his role as Managing Editor at Proactive. Overseeing Proactive's editorial and broadcast operations across six offices on three continents, Ian is responsible for quality control, editorial policy, and content production. He directs the creation of 50,000 pieces of real-time news, feature articles, and filmed interviews annually.

Prior to Proactive, Ian helped lead the business output at the Daily... Read more Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists. Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth.  We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors. The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies. Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter. Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows. Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.  Poolbeg Pharma PLC (AIM:POLB, OTC:POLBF, FRA:POLBF), the AIM-listed clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, has received clinical trial authorisation from the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency for its TOPICAL trial, with interim data expected this summer. The trial is investigating POLB 001, which is being developed as a potential first-approved preventative therapy for cytokine release syndrome (CRS), a serious immune reaction triggered by cancer immunotherapies, including CAR T-cell therapies and bispecific antibodies. The TOPICAL study will enrol around 30 patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma receiving teclistamab, a bispecific antibody supplied by Johnson & Johnson at no cost to Poolbeg. The trial now spans six UK sites: The Christie, The Royal Marsden, University College London Hospitals, University Hospitals Birmingham, NHS Lothian in Edinburgh, and Royal Stoke University Hospital. Site initiation visits are scheduled and patient screening is set to commence shortly. Poolbeg also published findings from independent US payer research conducted by Acumetis Global, which engaged payers covering approximately 75 million lives across commercial insurance, Medicare and Medicaid. The research identified multi-billion-dollar peak sales potential in the United States and confirmed willingness to pay at commercially meaningful price points, driven by POLB 001's potential to reduce hospitalisation costs and shift care away from specialist centres toward outpatient settings. CRS occurs in the majority of patients receiving CAR T and bispecific antibody treatments, with no established diagnostic method currently available to predict either the likelihood or severity of the reaction in individual patients. High-grade CRS forces permanent discontinuation of treatment, cutting patients off from potentially life-saving therapies. Chief executive Jeremy Skillington said the regulatory clearance, expanded site network and independent commercial validation collectively reinforce the company's confidence in POLB 001's ability to deliver meaningful value to healthcare systems. Skillington added that the prevention of CRS has the potential to expand the number of patients able to receive cancer immunotherapies and improve the quality of life for those who do. The content on this Site is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment advice, a personal recommendation, an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities, or any other regulated activity. It should not be relied upon as the basis for any investment decision. Before making any investment decision, you should: Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. The value of investments can fall as well as rise. You may not recover the amount you invest, and in some cases you may be required to pay more. In exchange for publishing services rendered by the Company on behalf of Poolbeg Pharma PLC named herein, including the promotion by the Company of Poolbeg... Copyright © Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2026 All Rights Reserved - Proactive North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.  or