Title: In a Volatile Market, This Dividend Growth Stock Is Worth Every Penny of $1,000
Date: 2026-04-14 10:59:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/volatile-market-dividend-growth-stock-fmx/?.tsrc=rss

Fomento Economico Mexicano proves that dividend growth investors can be rewarded when they look beyond the United States. Whether they realize it or not, many investors have home-country bias, meaning they're inclined to favor shares of companies in their home country over foreign stocks.  So it's not a stretch to say that market participants located in the U.S. are often heavily allocated to American stocks. Some sectors more than others emphasize home-country bias. Many tech investors aren't afraid to cozy up to U.S.-listed foreign companies such as ASML or Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. But with so many of the largest consumer staples companies, such as Coca-Cola (KO 0.79%), being American corporations, market participants often go with the red, white, and blue in this sector. There's nothing wrong with being patriotic. But dividend growth investors can be rewarded by keeping an open geographic mind. Coca-Cola is a good example of that, as highlighted by Fomento Economico Mexicano (FMX +1.75%). This Mexico-based company could be a desirable name for dividend investors. Image source: Getty Images. Widely referred to as Femsa, Fomento Economico Mexicano owns the majority of the voting stock in Coca-Cola FEMSA (KOF +0.36%), which is the world's largest franchise bottler of Coca-Cola products.  So, Femsa is very much a beverage stock, though there are chapters in its book. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Beverage stocks and dependable dividend growth often go hand in hand. Coca-Cola and PepsiCo have raised their dividends annually for 64 and 54 years, respectively. Undoubtedly, those are impressive streaks, but Femsa is a compelling dividend growth name in its own right. Over the past decade, the company's payout has tripled, cementing its status as a credible dividend stock.  The shares yield 6.72%, which is on the high side even for the consumer-staples sector. While that eye-catching yield may give astute investors pause about this stock, perhaps stoking concerns that it's a yield trap, Femsa's balance sheet is solid. The actual payout ratio varies widely depending time frame. The current high percentage ratio is due to fluctuating earnings and a recent special dividend. The more conservative, sustainable future payout ratio based on projected earnings this year puts it at around 43%.  When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.  Based on current exchange rates, the company had $7.38 billion in cash and short-term investments at the end of 2025, enough funds to handle any short-term issues. The balance sheet and, thus, shareholder rewards could also be further supported by a restructuring effort expected to generate $576.6 million in savings. That plan could bear fruit as soon as this year, with tangible benefits expected in 2027.  Femsa's stake in the Latin American Coca-Cola bottler adds familiarity for U.S. investors, and there's no denying that the business accounts for a significant portion of the parent company's sales. However, dividend growth investors eyeing this stock should also consider the corporation's retail footprint, including the Oxxo chain. Oxxo stores are small retail convenience store-type locations that are highly popular in Mexico. With renewed emphasis on strategy and consumer affordability, Oxxo stores in Mexico performed better than expected last year. Femsa is targeting significant long-term expansion of the chain in Brazil and Mexico, the two largest economies in Latin America.  Not only are Oxxo customers devoted, but 60% hail from the desirable 15-35 age range, enabling Femsa to cultivate long-lasting relationships with consumers while providing value to suppliers that want to get new products in front of shoppers. In economic-speak, those are intangible assets, but they support the case for Femsa as a long-term consideration for dividend investors.      Before you buy stock in Fomento Económico MexicanoB. De C.v., consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Fomento Económico MexicanoB. De C.v. wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Todd Shriber has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends ASML and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing. The Motley Fool recommends Fomento Economico Mexicano. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.