Title: The Coca-Cola Company Selects New Global Chief People Officer
Date: 2026-04-14 10:55:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coca-cola-company-selects-global-105500413.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected ATLANTA, April 14, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Coca-Cola Company today announced that Tapaswee Chandele will become global chief people officer, succeeding Lisa Chang, who will step down after a seven-year tenure. The change takes effect May 1. Chandele currently serves as senior vice president and executive assistant to President and Chief Financial Officer John Murphy, a role she has held since May 2025. Prior to that, from 2019 to 2025, Chandele was senior vice president of global talent, development and HR system partnerships, responsible for the company’s worldwide talent management strategy. In that role, Chandele was a member of Chang’s leadership team. Chandele joined Coca-Cola in 2001 in her native India and went on to work in various human resources and talent development roles. She was based in Türkiye and South Africa before moving to the United States in 2017. Chandele serves on the board of Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages in India. In addition to her duties for Coca-Cola, Chandele serves on the board of directors for Agnes Scott College in Decatur, Ga. Chandele earned an MBA in human resources and industrial relations from Symbiosis Institute of Business Management in India. She also earned a Master of Science degree in biochemistry and clinical nutrition from Seth G.S. Medical College and King Edward Memorial Hospital and a Bachelor of Science degree from Sophia College for Women, both in India. Chandele will report to CEO Henrique Braun. About Lisa Chang Chang will stay with the company through the end of 2026 as a senior advisor, and she will also serve on the board of The Coca-Cola Foundation. Prior to joining Coca-Cola in 2019, Chang served as senior vice president and chief human resources officer for AMB Group LLC in Atlanta, the investment management and shared services arm of The Blank Family of Businesses, including AMB Sports & Entertainment, the Atlanta Falcons, Atlanta United FC and Mercedes-Benz Stadium. At AMB Group, Chang led HR strategy for all AMB businesses, including the launches of Atlanta United and the 2017 opening of Mercedes-Benz Stadium. Prior to joining AMB Group in 2014, Chang held senior HR leadership roles at Equifax, Turner Broadcasting System, Inc., and The Weather Channel Companies. In addition to her board service on The Coca-Cola Foundation, Chang is a member of the board of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and is a past board member of Frontier Communications, Catalyst, Inc., and Coca-Cola Scholars Foundation. About The Coca-Cola Company The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) is a total beverage company with products sold in more than 200 countries and territories. Our company’s purpose is to refresh the world and make a difference. We sell multiple billion-dollar brands across several beverage categories worldwide. Our portfolio of sparkling soft drink brands includes Coca-Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Our water, sports, coffee and tea brands include Dasani, smartwater, vitaminwater, Topo Chico, BODYARMOR, Powerade, Costa, Georgia, Fuze Tea, Gold Peak and Ayataka. Our juice, value-added dairy and plant-based beverage brands include Minute Maid, Simply, innocent, Del Valle, fairlife and Santa Clara. We’re constantly transforming our portfolio, from reducing sugar in our drinks to bringing innovative new products to market. We seek to positively impact people’s lives, communities and the planet through water replenishment, packaging recycling, sustainable sourcing practices and carbon emissions reductions across our value chain. Together with our bottling partners, we employ more than 700,000 people, helping bring economic opportunity to local communities worldwide. Learn more at www.coca-colacompany.com and follow us on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260414291839/en/ Contacts Investors and Analysts: Todd Beiger, koinvestorrelations@coca-cola.com Media: Scott Leith, sleith@coca-cola.com Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio