Title: RWS Global, A World Leader in Live Entertainment and Sports, Announces Executive Leadership Transition
Date: 2026-04-14 11:00:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/rws-global-world-leader-live-110000531.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Founder, Chairman & CEO Ryan Stana transitions to Executive Chairman; COO Jake McCoy appointed Interim CEO NEW YORK, April 14, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- RWS Global, a world leader in live experiences across entertainment and sports, today announced that Founder, Chairman & CEO Ryan Stana will transition to Executive Chairman. Current Chief Operating Officer Jake McCoy has been appointed Interim CEO. The transition was announced by Stana with the support of Bluestone Equity Partners, RWS Global's minority investor, as well as the company's Board of Directors. RWS Global is headquartered in New York, London, Cincinnati, Shanghai, Orlando, Sydney, and Riyadh, with dedicated studios in New York and the UK. The company delivers entertainment and sports experiences for global brands, cruise lines, sports properties, and venue owners, with blue-chip clients such as Apple, Carnival, The Coca-Cola Company, FIFA, Merlin Entertainments, NFL, Warner Bros., and many more. With end-to-end capabilities spanning ideation to execution, RWS Global produces over one million live moments daily and employs more than 8,000 people worldwide. This transition marks a pivotal milestone in RWS Global's growth. After five years of exponential expansion, the company is well positioned to enter its next stage of evolution. This leadership structure will enable Stana to focus on long‑term strategy, vision and new growth frontiers while McCoy focuses on driving operational excellence and day‑to‑day execution. Stana, who has led RWS Global since founding it 23 years ago, has scaled the company into a premier provider of live entertainment, expanding its global footprint, diversifying its offerings, and attracting top talent from around the world. As Executive Chairman, he will continue to support the leadership team and partner closely with McCoy to ensure continuity and sustained momentum. "Jake has been instrumental in our growth and is the right leader for RWS Global today," said Stana. "I have had the privilege of guiding the business through significant growth and M&A with a clear focus on building for the future. The priority now is ensuring the right leadership is in place to sustain that momentum. Jake's operational expertise, global perspective, and ability to deliver world-class experiences make him well suited to lead the company into its next chapter and drive continued success for our team and partners." As Interim CEO, McCoy will oversee global operations and drive execution across the business. A tenured leader at RWS Global, he brings more than a decade of experience across divisions and markets. He began his career at RWS Global as a production manager and has played a key role in building the company's operational infrastructure and scaling its global footprint. As COO, McCoy led global expansion initiatives and operational excellence across land, sea & sports production. In 2022, he relocated to the UK to establish the company's presence there and will remain based in the UK. "Throughout my time at RWS Global, I've had the opportunity to work closely with Ryan and help build nearly every part of the business," said McCoy. "Ryan's vision, enthusiasm and leadership are so inspiring. I'm humbled and excited to lead the team into its next phase—combining creative excellence with operational rigor to scale the brand globally while strengthening performance, accountability, and speed." The search for a permanent CEO is underway and is being led by Bluestone Equity Partners. Candidates can submit applications to: RWSSearch@bluestoneequity.com. To support this transition, Chief Financial Officer Chris Lucarz has been appointed Interim President & CFO, with expanded oversight of financial performance, operations, and business discipline. The broader leadership team continues to reflect a balance of institutional knowledge and external expertise. Lucarz (formerly NBCUniversal) and Chief Growth Officer Veronica Hart (formerly Paramount Global) bring strong corporate and scaling experience, while long-standing executives—including Chief Creative Officer Craig Laurie, Chief of Staff Meghan Murphy, and McCoy—provide deep institutional continuity. "Ryan has been a driving force behind RWS Global's success," said Bobby Sharma, Founder & Managing Partner of Bluestone Equity Partners. "We are confident in this leadership evolution and excited to support Ryan, Jake, and the executive team as they continue to drive growth and innovation." About RWS Global RWS Global is the world leader in groundbreaking live moments across entertainment and sports, creating customized guest experiences spanning theatrical productions, live events, immersive destinations, multimedia and consumer products. RWS Global is headquartered in New York, London, Cincinnati, Shanghai, Orlando, Sydney and Riyadh with dedicated RWS Studios in NYC and the UK to serve its vast talent pipeline and client base. With a focus on entertainment and sports experiences, RWS Global serves major brands and corporations, theaters, cruise lines, sports properties, live venues, parks, resorts and more. Offering end-to-end services from ideation to operations, RWS Global's team of world-class designers, creators, producers and visionary talent provide unrivaled scale, producing over one million live moments every day and employing over 8,000 individuals and performers worldwide. The RWS Global roster of clients includes Apple, Azamara, The Coca-Cola Company, Commonwealth Games, Crayola, Europa-Park Resort, Ferrari World Abu Dhabi, FIFA, The FRIENDS™ Experience by Original X Productions, Hard Rock Resorts, Hershey Entertainment & Resorts, Holland America Line, Iberostar Hotels & Resorts, International Cricket Council, Invictus Games, Lionsgate, Merlin Entertainments, MSC Cruises, NFL, Six Flags, Space Center Houston, TUI Group, Vera Wang, Warner Bros., Disney's The Lion King on Broadway, Chicago the Musical, Christmas Spectacular Starring the Radio City Rockettes and more. For more information, visit rwsglobal.com. View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rws-global-a-world-leader-in-live-entertainment-and-sports-announces-executive-leadership-transition-302741463.html Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio