Title: My 3 Favorite Dividend Stocks to Own When the Market Gets Ugly
Date: 2026-04-14 13:12:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/14/my-3-favorite-dividend-stocks-to-own-when-the-mark/?.tsrc=rss

These stocks provide protection and passive income, rain or shine. The S&P 500 (^GSPC +0.80%) has recovered most of its losses from this year and is roughly flat year to date as of this writing. However, it's correlating with what's happening with the war in Iran, and if the ceasefire doesn't hold or there's continued volatility in oil prices, it could plunge again. Successful investing means holding on through challenging times and changing markets. Part of that is owning excellent dividend stocks that protect your portfolio when things get rough. If you need some protection, I recommend Realty Income (O +0.23%), Walmart (WMT 0.22%), and Coca-Cola (KO 0.79%). Image source: Getty Images. Realty Income is a real estate investment trust (REIT), a type of structure where the company pays out 90% of its earnings as dividends. That's why many dividend investors have a few REITs in their portfolios. Realty Income is one of the largest REITs in the world, and it's focused on essential retail, although it has diversified into some other industries. Essential retail is an important part of its model, since its tenants are predominantly large chain stores that can reliably pay their rent and withstand changing economies. Its top tenants by size are 7-Eleven, Dollar General, and Walgreens, and grocers make up 11% of its renter base. Its typical lease agreement is long term, which implies committed revenue for several years, and it sports a 98.9% occupancy rate. That's why Realty Income stock offers resilience and protection during recessions and other difficult times. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Realty Income grows in two main ways: acquiring other REITs and buying more properties. It had $121 billion in sourced volume last year, of which it acquired 5%, which means it consistently has ways to ensure dividend growth. Realty Income has a specific perk that most dividend stocks can't match: It pays a monthly dividend, and it has done so for more than 55 years without missing a month. It has raised the dividend quarterly for the past 114 quarters, and the dividend yields a high 5.1%. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  Walmart's more than 5,000 U.S. discount stores reach 90% of the population, and it's always finding ways to open new stores, improve its systems, and innovate across its platforms. Recently, e-commerce has been an important growth driver, up 24% year over year in the 2026 fiscal fourth quarter (ended Jan. 31). One way it has an edge in e-commerce is through using its vast store base as a fulfillment network. in addition to its U.S. operations, Walmart has a massive global presence with nearly 11,000 stores plus e-commerce, providing diversification and new opportunities. Walmart's strength and stability, as well as its consistent growth, make it an excellent anchor stock to own at any time, and even more so when there's market chaos. That's why even though it's not your typical young growth stock, Walmart stock has trounced the S&P 500 over the past five years, up 190% versus 78% for the broader index. Walmart is a Dividend King, or a company that has raised its dividend for at least 50 years, and it has raised its dividend through thick and thin for the past 53 years. That's a dividend you can count on whether there's a bull or bear market or in any kind of economy. Coca-Cola is the world's largest beverage company, and it's been in operation for more than a century. It has a well-established model of acquiring new brands that add growth to the business, and incorporating them into its global distribution system improves profitability. However, its eponymous Coca-Cola-branded drinks do most of the heavy lifting for the company, and loyal fans continue to buy these cheap luxuries through all kinds of circumstances. Sales increased 5% year over year in the 2025 fourth quarter. Coca-Cola is also a Dividend King, and it has one of the longest histories of raising its dividend at 64 years. That's why investors feel they can count on Coca-Cola to provide passive income, even when the company's payout ratio has surpassed 100%. That's real commitment. That's why Coca-Cola stock inevitably does well when the market is experiencing upheaval. It's up 12% this year while the S&P 500 is roughly flat. Coca-Cola's dividend typically yields around 3%, but it's only at 2.7% at its recent price because the stock has performed so well. If you're looking for a forever stock that can shield your portfolio when things get ugly, Coca-Cola is an excellent candidate.      Before you buy stock in Realty Income, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Realty Income wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Jennifer Saibil has positions in Walmart. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Realty Income and Walmart. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias. What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.