Title: Tariffs, Oil Shocks, Recessions -- These 2 Warren Buffett Stocks Don't Care
Date: 2026-04-15 08:35:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/tariffs-oil-shocks-recessions-these-2-warren-buffe/?.tsrc=rss

These resilient stocks are beating the market this year. Warren Buffett has become arguably the greatest investor of our time by holding onto great companies that can withstand volatile markets. Now that he's stepped down from leading Berkshire Hathaway, he'll become even more of a legend. But the great company he built up  persists in the capable hands of Greg Abel, and in Abel's first shareholders' letter, he made it clear that he's not looking to change up the business. That means the Buffett favorites aren't likely to disappear from the equity portfolio, at least not overnight. There's wisdom in Buffett's picks, and you can often see that most clearly when there's market volatility. Consider Coca-Cola (KO 0.79%) and Kroger (KR 0.85%), which both do well under challenging circumstances. Image source: The Motley Fool. Coca-Cola is that classic example of a stock that can endure. Buffett has mentioned it many times over the past several decades as a stock that will always play a role in the U.S. economy and won't be outdated with new technology. It has survived for more than a century and a half by providing beverages customers love and keeping up with changing tastes and trends. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. It's also an excellent example of a stock that protects your portfolio when times are rough. Investors often pile into safe stocks when the market is down, and Coca-Cola has delivered some of its best recent performance when the S&P 500 has fallen. Consider that throughout the recent geopolitical unrest and resulting oil price changes, the S&P 500 is roughly flat year to date, while Coca-Cola stock is up 12%. Part of the confidence in Coca-Cola stock comes from its status as a Dividend King. Coca-Cola has raised its dividend for the past 64 years annually, rain or shine, and investors can count on that to continue for the foreseeable future, making Coca-Cola a top forever stock. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.  Kroger is the largest premium grocer in the U.S., with nearly 2,700 stores under several banners. Since the company operates in grocery, which is the largest expense for Americans after housing and healthcare, it has a massive and growing market opportunity. And since Kroger operates premium supermarkets, it attracts a more affluent clientele that's more resilient under difficult circumstances. Unlike Coca-Cola, which is the longest-held position in the Berkshire Hathaway equity portfolio, Kroger stock is a fairly recent Berkshire addition. Buffett scooped it up in 2019 after the stock had dropped and was trading at a dirt cheap price. While Kroger is not as cheap these days, it still offers value in its resilience and food platform. Kroger also pays a dividend, and while it's not as high-yielding or with as long a track record as Coca-Cola, it's growing at a fast pace, rising nearly 1,000% over the past 20 years. Kroger stock is up 9% this year, and it offers stability and a reliable passive income stream.      Before you buy stock in Coca-Cola, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Coca-Cola wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Jennifer Saibil has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kroger. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons. What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.