Title: The First 5 AI Stocks I'd Buy If I Started From Scratch
Date: 2026-04-15 23:53:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/the-first-5-ai-stocks-id-buy-if-i-started-from-scr/?.tsrc=rss

AI investing can be hard if you don't know the best stocks to buy. Over several years, I've built a solid portfolio that is doing well, in part because it holds several artificial intelligence (AI) stocks. But what would I do if I were starting from scratch today? Well, I probably wouldn't choose some of the same AI stocks I currently own. But I'd definitely choose the five holdings featured below. Some of these AI stocks feature maximum upside potential, and others are no-brainer winners. Additionally, I think that all five of these stocks are solid buys right now. So if you're just getting started in AI investing, these five are excellent stocks to begin with. Image source: Getty Images. Nvidia (NVDA +1.31%) and Broadcom (AVGO +4.26%) would probably be my first buys. There are many questions in the AI build-out about how much money AI will actually make for companies that deploy it, and if there will be a large enough return on investment to warrant spending billions on data centers. These are fair questions, but these concerns don't really apply to Nvidia and Broadcom. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. While both companies want AI technology to do well over the long term so they can continue to profit from increased unit sales, the reality is they are making money right now during the buildout. By designing and selling the semiconductor chips and systems that the hyperscalers are deploying to train and run AI models, Nvidia and Broadcom are benefiting from the pick-and-shovel play on the AI gold rush and will continue to do so for many years. 2030 is often cited as the final year for all of the massive AI spending, but that is only because most of these companies don't share their spending plans beyond 3-5 years. So these two stocks have years to benefit. However, because the computing units used in AI tend to burn out quickly under extreme workloads, these two should have a continuous stream of replacement units to fuel their long-term growth. One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.  I'm a huge fan of both companies and think these two are among the best buys in the market right now. Microsoft (MSFT +4.64%) and Alphabet (GOOG +1.18%) (GOOGL +1.28%) are AI hyperscalers that are well-positioned to make a fortune from AI through their cloud computing platforms, Azure and Google Cloud. Most generative AI start-ups don't have the capital to build the multiple data centers needed to run their own AI platform, so they rent them out from the cloud computing providers. Their business models are usage-based, so as people and organizations use more AI, these two will generate increasing cash flows. Alphabet also has its own generative AI model, Gemini, that could benefit from subscription services if it becomes one of the top models to use. The jury is still out on that, but that gives it more upside than Microsoft if it can deliver on that front. Regardless, I think both stocks are well-positioned to take advantage of the AI build-out, and each of them looks like a great stock to buy right now. The last stock is the highest risk, but highest reward investment on this list: Nebius (NBIS +2.98%). Nebius is a neocloud company, meaning it focuses on GPU-based AI computing rather than broad cloud computing like Azure and Google Cloud. Nebius has also partnered with Nvidia to deliver the best technology first, making it a popular option for running AI workloads. Nebius is seeing incredible growth and expects to increase its annual run rate from $1.25 billion at the end of 2025 to $7 billion to $9 billion by the end of this year. That's just incredible, and next year could bring similar success due to high AI demand.  Nebius has a ton of upside if its business model pans out; it just needs to start producing some profits, and it will become the best performer on this list, by far.      Before you buy stock in Nvidia, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nvidia wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Keithen Drury has positions in Alphabet, Broadcom, Microsoft, Nebius Group, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Broadcom, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.