Title: Why Blue Owl Capital Stock Soared More Than 8% Higher Today
Date: 2026-04-15 23:09:44
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/why-blue-owl-capital-stock-soared-more-than-8-high/?.tsrc=rss

Its BDC's latest bond issue was reportedly snapped up by a single, influential buyer. Perhaps the private credit industry isn't in as dire a state as many have feared recently. On news that a large and influential investment management firm had snapped up 100% a bond issue floated by Blue Owl Capital's (OWL +7.85%) business development company (BDC) Blue Owl Capital Corporation (NYSE: OBDC), investors pushed the former stock over 8% higher.  Just after market close on Tuesday, Bloomberg reported that Pacific Investment Management (PIMCO), one of the largest institutional bond investors in the world, purchased the entire $400 million bond issue of Blue Owl Capital Corporation.  Image source: Getty Images. Citing unnamed "people with knowledge of the matter," the financial news agency said that PIMCO might not necessarily be a long-term holder of that debt. It wrote that at least one secondary-market trade topping $5 million in the securities had been effected since PIMCO's buy. In recent times, private credit companies have come under pressure due to a variety of factors, including increased borrower defaults, which have led to rising redemption requests from investors. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. PIMCO's buy-in is an important and critical vote of confidence not only in Blue Owl's business but also in the broader private credit space. This doesn't mean the sector is out of the woods; however, I would caution that those challenges it's been facing remain. To me, it seems best to give private credit stocks a miss these days, in favor of sturdier financial services companies.      Before you buy stock in Blue Owl Capital, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Blue Owl Capital wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends Get our brand-new Epic Portfolio for Most investors have a portfolio built for a market that no longer exists. Our CEO, Tom Gardner, challenged our best teams to build a "plan, not just a list"—a complete, ready-to-invest portfolio designed for this chaotic market. We believe in these stocks so much that The Motley Fool is investing $100,000 of our own cash right alongside you. *50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Promotional price is for new members only. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.