Title: Got $10,000? 3 Growth Stocks That Have Already Proved They Can Crush the Market.
Date: 2026-04-15 23:05:00
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/04/15/got-10000-3-growth-stocks-that-have-already-proved/?.tsrc=rss

These growth stocks have been big winners, but have more left in the tank. Sometimes, when you have a volatile market, like we've been seeing recently, it's just best to stick to stocks that have been proven winners over the years. Let's look at three growth stocks you can split $10,000 between that have already shown they are winners. Nvidia (NVDA +1.31%) has been one of the market's biggest winners over the past five years, and the company is well-positioned for the next five years as well. It is the dominant player in artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure with its graphics processing units (GPUs), but it hasn't been sitting still, resting on its laurels. It's become a major player in data center networking, and with its Vera central processing units (CPUs), data processing units (DPUs), and language processing units (LPUs) for inference, which come from its "acquisition" of Groq, it is now a complete one-stop AI infrastructure shop that can offer servers optimized for specific AI workloads. This positions it to be a long-term winner.   Image source: Getty Images. Up nearly 700% over the past five years, Broadcom (AVGO +4.26%) has been on a roll, but the best looks like it is still to come. The company is a data center networking leader, and this business is just getting more valuable as bigger AI clusters grow in size. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. At the same time, the company has a massive opportunity with custom AI chips that is just starting to play out. It helped Alphabet develop its successful Tensor Processor Units (TPUs), and it should continue to ride the growth of those chips well into the future. Meanwhile, it is also helping other hyperscalers develop their own custom AI chips. The company says it's on track for $100 billion in custom AI chip revenue in fiscal 2027, which is 1.5 times the total revenue it produced last year.   Broadcom is set to see explosive growth in the coming years, making it a solid winner to jump on to right now. When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor. *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.  Up more than 450% over the past five years, Palantir Technologies (PLTR +4.75%) has turned itself into one of the most important players in AI. The company's AI platform (AIP) has become a sort of AI operating system that helps gather customers' data and map it into an ontology that is linked to physical assets and real-world processes. This lets third-party AI models draw from a single source of truth that is connected to the real world. This ultimately makes AI much more useful in a business environment, where AI hallucinations can be costly. Given the company's huge success, with revenue growth having accelerated 10 straight quarters, and the huge number of use cases for AIP, this is a company that could grow to eventually become one of the largest in the world.       Before you buy stock in Nvidia, consider this: The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nvidia wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $573,160!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,204,712!* Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 1,002% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 195% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors. See the 10 stocks › *Stock Advisor returns as of April 16, 2026.   Geoffrey Seiler has positions in Alphabet and Broadcom. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Broadcom, Nvidia, and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas. What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited. Continue ›  *Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close. Our experts' top-rated cash back card just got even better. For a limited time, earn a $250 bonus after spending just $500 in the first 3 months. Plus, earn unlimited cash back and pay 0% intro APR until well into 2027. Don't wait — this offer ends soon. Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services. Making the world smarter, happier, and richer. © 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io. About The Motley Fool Our Services Around the Globe Free Tools Affiliates & Friends *$249 for one year is a promotional price for new members only. 50% discount based on the current list price of Epic of $499/year. Membership will renew annually at the then-current list price. Offer expires on April 18, 2026, at 11:59 pm PDT.