Title: Final Agenda for 2nd Princeton CorpGov Forum: Endowments, Activism and Entertainment
Date: 2026-04-15 16:03:10
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/final-agenda-2nd-princeton-corpgov-160310105.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Watch Video Highlights from 1st Princeton CorpGov Forum Below, or Click HERE: CorpGov is pleased to announce the agenda for the second Princeton CorpGov Forum to be held Thursday, May 21, 2026 at The Nassau Inn in Princeton, New Jersey. Our roster of speakers features industry leaders and alumni spanning five decades at Princeton, with topics encompassing university endowments, shareholder activism, private equity, venture capital, private and public capital markets, entertainment and the finance of college sports. The forum, hosted in The Prince William Ballroom, includes an afternoon of panels, firesides and networking, followed by a reception with cocktails and heavy hors d’oeuvres. REGISTER HERE Agenda – Thursday, May 21 2:00 pm – Registration and Networking – The Prince William Ballroom 3:00 pm – Forum Begins – The Prince William Ballroom Endowments: Governance and Alternative Investments Activism: Governance from Investor and Board Perspectives AI and Cybersecurity in the Boardroom Governance in Private Equity: From Investment to Exit Public and Private Capital Markets Assessment The Business of Entertainment and Advertising Finance of Sports: Collegiate Focus 6:00 pm – Cocktail Reception – The Prince William Ballroom The event will be digitized into a report published on CorpGov and content partners Yahoo Finance, Bloomberg Terminals, Reuters via LSEG Workspace, and AlphaSense, filmed in 4K with professional editing. We invite all members of the Princeton community along with institutional investors and operating company executives. For more information, please email Editor@CorpGov.com. REGISTER HERE The first Princeton CorpGov Forum was hosted together with The New York Stock Exchange and Goldman Sachs, held on May 22, 2025, at The Nassau Inn in Princeton, New Jersey. Speakers and Notable Attendees Paul Haaga ’70, Former Chairman, Capital Research and Management Company; Chair of the Board, The Ralph M. Parsons Foundation; Board Director, National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution Ned Nalle ’76, President, Copper Beeches, Inc.; Previously, ION Media Networks, ABC Studios, President, Universal Worldwide Television, Universal Studios  Thomas Courtney, Jr. ’86, President and CEO, The Courtney Group Curtis Glovier ’86, S’87, P’19, P’25, Chief Investment Officer, Star Mountain Capital​ Robert Maciejko ’88, Founder, Board AI Institute; Managing Partner, Oaks Prime Family Office​ John Evans ’91, Co-Founder and Managing Director, Tractus Asia​ Phillip Escaravage ’97, CEO, Gift Games Kevin McLaughlin ’97, Vice President, Brand and Corporate Marketing, Dataiku​ Doyl Burkett ’98, Managing Partner and Founder, Integrity Growth Partners​ Brian O’Kelley ’99, Co-Founder and CEO,  Scope3  Ari I. Weinberg ’99, Contributor, Pensions & Investments; Board member, HBS Club of Connecticut; Class agent, Princeton University Annual Giving​ Brian Kirschbaum ’02, Partner, Astra Capital Management ​ James Shin ’05, President, Film & TV, HYBE America​ Judson Wallace ’05, Managing Director, White Rabbit Capital;  Former Captain, Princeton Men’s Basketball Whit Clay, Partner, Head of New York, Longacre Square Partners  Lawrence S. Elbaum, Co-Head of Shareholder Activism Practice and Partner, Sullivan & Cromwell LLP Jon Feldman, Partner, Head of Business Law Group, Goodmans LLP John Grau, President, InvestorCom​ Rafique Jiwani, Vice President, Goldman Sachs Private Equity Lisa Kaplan, Founder and CEO, Alethea ​ Andy Katz, General Partner, BrknPar Ventures (Sport Tech Growth Equity Fund)​ Ryan Keating, Industry Leader, Venture Services, Eisner Advisory Group​ Michael W. Robinson, Chairman and CEO, The Montgomery Strategies Group​ David Schulhof, Founder and CEO, MUSQ Global Music Industry ETF (NYSE: MUSQ)​ Karen Snow, CEO, Rose & Co. Capital Advisors; Former Global Head of Listings, Nasdaq​ Zach Swartz, Partner, Real Estate Capital Markets and Mergers & Acquisitions, Vinson & Elkins LLP​ Ken Traub, Chairman, President and CEO, Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (Nasdaq: CMTL)​​ John Jannarone ’03, CEO, CorpGov (Moderator)​ Jarrett Banks, COO, CorpGov (Moderator)​ John G. Quigley, Co-Founder and former Managing Partner, Nassau Capital (Moderator) Watch Princeton in Palm Beach Highlights Below, or Click HERE: Princeton alumni also gathered at the Palm Beach Yacht Club on Dec. 23, 2025, to toast the holiday season and preview the 2nd Princeton CorpGov Forum. Clockwise from left: Christopher Sanson ’02, Amy Gold ’02, Hannah Baumann ’18, Adithya Sriram ’24, Mary Allen Saunders ’02, Amy Gold ’02, Bruce Burlen ’79, Kate Brooks k’79, Cathy Morra ’77, Richard Rampell ’74 Register for our weekly newsletter HERE Contact: CorpGov.com Editor@CorpGov.com Click HERE to follow us on LinkedIn The post Final Agenda for 2nd Princeton CorpGov Forum: Endowments, Activism and Entertainment appeared first on CorpGov. Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio