Title: Franklin Templeton CEO says private credit is 'here to stay'
Date: 2026-04-15 15:55:16
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/franklin-templeton-ceo-says-private-credit-is-here-to-stay-155516426.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Franklin Templeton (BEN) CEO Jenny Johnson said the private credit sector has earned its rightful place on Wall Street. "Private credit [is] here to stay," Johnson told Yahoo Finance during the Semafor World Economic Summit. She tethered her argument to the 2008 financial crisis, when tightened capital requirements forced banks to stop lending, prompting private funds to fill the gap. Why does Franklin Templeton's CEO believe private credit is here to stay? What are the yield advantages of private credit over traditional bonds? How are firms making private credit accessible to retail investors? What concerns do industry leaders have about private credit risks? "It drives me nuts when anybody says, 'Oh, it's more liquid than you think.' It is absolutely illiquid. And if you cannot withstand the illiquidity of the investment, don't get in it. OK?" she said. As the underlying loans cannot be sold quickly like a stock, investors can't get their cash back on demand from the private funds. But Johnson pointed out that investment-grade private loans can yield an extra 150 basis points over traditional bonds. On the high-yield side, that spread can jump to 250 or even 400 basis points. Over a 20-year timeline, just a 1% additional return could lead to a 20% higher retirement balance. Johnson suggests investors ask themselves if they could withstand 5% to 10% illiquidity in their portfolios. "If you can, you're going to be able to capture a nice premium that can be meaningful when compounded. So you shouldn't ignore it," she said. Johnson noted that firms like Franklin Templeton are now embedding those frozen assets into "liquid vehicles." This means they mix a small amount of private debt into a traditional fund that people can trade quarterly. It gives retail investors a taste of high-interest private debt and late-stage venture capital without the usual decade-long wait to get their money back. Johnson also pointed to artificial intelligence and enterprise software as the next frontier, a contrarian view on Wall Street. Software stocks have been pounded because of fears that rapid AI advances will make traditional software obsolete. Part of the concerns surrounding private credit has also been their lending to software firms. In the backdrop of the Iran war, skeptics also argue that software matters much less than physical security and oil. Other titans are watching. Goldman Sachs CEO David Solomon noted that the firm is currently seeing loan stress in big business "wholesale" lending, rather than in its private credit or credit card portfolios. He warned that the market has gone a "long period of time without what I call a normal credit cycle," meaning a recession is overdue. Once a real slowdown hits, higher loss levels across all diversified portfolios are inevitable, he said. Meanwhile, JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon is brushing off concerns about private credit. He says the market is too small to sink the big banks, noting that there would need to be “very large losses" in private credit to cause systemic ripples. "I'm not particularly worried about it,” he said. However, investors are getting worried. Blue Owl Capital (OWL) recently saw redemption requests for $5.4 billion across two of its flagship funds. However, the firm triggered its 5% quarterly redemption cap. Ultimately, Johnson's advice is to use a roadmap. "We're big believers in having a financial adviser, right? To help you think through what are my needs? How do you see my spending pattern? Can I afford this? If you can, it's good to be in some illiquid products," she said. Francisco Velasquez is a Reporter at Yahoo Finance. Follow him on LinkedIn and X. Story tips? Reach him via email at francisco.velasquez@yahooinc.com. Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio