Title: Morgan Stanley Q1 Earnings Top on Markets & Advisory Strength, Stock Up
Date: 2026-04-15 14:33:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/morgan-stanley-q1-earnings-top-143300308.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Tax refunds shoot up as Americans take advantage of new deductions S&P 500 closes above 7,000 for the first time, Nasdaq hits record as stocks erase Iran war losses The former sneaker company's stock rose over 600% after announcing its rebrand as an AI company S&P 500, Nasdaq rise as Dow falls amid hopes for US-Iran talks The S&P 500 and Nasdaq rallied toward record highs on hopes of an Iran deal while oil tumbled Bitcoin bounced above $74,000, but Wall Street warns it could go lower before it goes higher US stocks rise amid Iran deal hopes, earnings rush, cooler-than-expected PPI JPMorgan profits rise 13%, Dimon warns of 'increasingly complex set of risks' US stocks sink after Trump orders Hormuz blockade against Iran Goldman Sachs Q1 profits climb thanks to jumps in M&A dealmaking and record equity trading The stock market's latest rally is reviving a familiar trade — but not all of the Magnificent Seven are coming along for the ride. Gen Z is driving IRA contributions to record highs. Here's how to get started. Wall Street strategists say it's time to 'jump in' with tech stocks Trump says US will blockade Strait of Hormuz after Iran talks fail (Bloomberg) Bank earnings, US-Iran talks, and signs of stability for stocks: What to watch this week Shaq, in NYC discussing his new investment with retailer tm:rw, said the NBA dunk contest isn't what it used to be. Used car prices hit highest levels since 2023 and could push higher Why Starlink is so important to SpaceX's IPO What to know about X Money, Elon Musk's fintech app that claims to pay 6% on savings The housing market is shifting toward buyers. Just not in New Jersey. Wall Street's biggest banks are riding into the first quarter earnings season on far less certain ground than where they began 2026. Watch: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman's house was reportedly the target of a Molotov cocktail attack on Friday. Yahoo Finance's Dan Howley explains. Stocks post second straight winning week amid fragile US-Iran ceasefire US tariff revenue dropped by over $4 billion in March. It's down almost 30% since October. US stocks open higher after March CPI inflation data shows energy surge Inflation soars by most since 2022 as gas prices bite Americans close to retirement are saving for later, but they're worried about getting by right now Government data out Friday will show how much consumer prices rose in March — and forecasts point to soaring inflation. Palantir plunges after 'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says Anthropic is eating its lunch Stocks rebounded to extend their winning streak, while oil rose ahead of US-Iran talks Stocks turned positive after Israel agreed to talks with Lebanon, reviving optimism for the US-Iran ceasefire US stocks pull back, oil surges as US-Iran ceasefire looks increasingly shaky Sticky reading on inflation pre-war will keep Fed on hold The New York Times may have found bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto. Here's what you need to know. Fed officials saw risks of the Iran war increasing inflation and delaying rate cuts in a March meeting The Strait of Hormuz has immediately become the first major flash point of Trump's 'fragile' ceasefire US stocks surged while oil prices plunged as relief from a fragile US-Iran ceasefire rippled through markets US stocks soar, with Dow surging nearly 1,400 points as Iran truce restarts Hormuz traffic Delta beats on Q1 earnings, maintains guidance despite fuel spike, TSA headwinds Investors are turning to social media and following 'finfluencers' to inform their investment decisions High new car prices, rising gas costs, and rising interest rates brought buyers to used car lots Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures soar after Trump calls for two-week ceasefire Markets weigh the chances of economic fallout from an attack on Iran against previous threats from Trump The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended the day slightly higher on hopes of an Iran deadline extension Anthropic launches cybersecurity partnership with Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Nvidia, and others Tech is doing everything right and getting left behind. Here's what could turn that around. US stocks drift lower as Trump's deadline for Iran ultimatum looms US gas prices risk topping $5 per gallon if the Strait of Hormuz stays closed, JPMorgan says Netflix stands to get richer after losing Warner Bros. bidding war. Here's why. Goldman Sachs delivered a warning to laid-off tech workers that it will take more time to find a new job than expected Morgan Stanley’s MS first-quarter 2026 earnings were $3.43 per share, which outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.06. The bottom line jumped 32% from the prior-year quarter. Shares of Morgan Stanley have rallied more than 2.5% in pre-market trading on impressive advisory and trading performance. Results benefited from robust client engagement and strength in investment banking (IB) and trading activities. Advisory revenues surged 74% year over year to $978 million as completed M&A transactions increased, particularly in the Americas. Equity underwriting revenues climbed 24% to $396 million on higher IPO and convertible offerings, while fixed income underwriting revenues rose 10% to $742 million, supported by higher investment-grade issuances tied to event-related activity. Total investment banking revenues in the Institutional Securities division soared 36% to $2.12 billion.Similarly, MS posted a strong trading performance. Equity revenues climbed 25% year over year to a record $5.15 billion, while fixed-income revenues jumped 29% to $3.36 billion, driven by strong client activity and volatility in energy markets.The performance of the company’s wealth management business was impressive, driven by higher asset management revenues and robust levels of client activity. This, along with higher net interest income (NII), supported Morgan Stanley’s quarterly performance.Net income applicable to Morgan Stanley was $5.57 billion, rising 29% year over year. Quarterly net revenues were a record $20.58 billion, growing 16% from the prior-year quarter. The top line beat the consensus estimate of $19.85 billion.Total non-interest revenues were $17.88 billion, up 16% year over year, while NII was $2.70 billion, up 15%.Total non-interest expenses were $13.47 billion, up 12%. Of this, compensation and benefits expenses rose 14% to $8.54 billion, while non-compensation expenses increased 9% to $4.93 billion.Provision for credit losses was $98 million compared with $135 million in the prior-year quarter. Institutional Securities: Pre-tax income was $4.16 billion, up 27% from the prior-year quarter. Net revenues were a record $10.72 billion, rising 19% year over year. The upside resulted from higher IB revenues, record equity revenues and stronger fixed-income performance, partially offset by lower other revenues.Wealth Management: Pre-tax income totaled $2.59 billion, surging 33% year over year. Net revenues were a record $8.52 billion, up 16%, driven by higher asset management revenues, transactional revenues and NII.Total client assets were $7.35 trillion as of March 31, 2026, up 22% year over year. Fee-based client assets were $2.79 trillion, up 19%, while U.S. Bank loans rose 15% to $186.3 billion, and deposits increased 12% to $419 billion.Investment Management: Pre-tax income was $280 million, down 13% from the year-ago quarter. Net revenues were $1.54 billion, declining 4%. The fall reflected lower performance-based income and other revenues, partially offset by higher asset management and related fees.As of March 31, 2026, total assets under management or supervision were $1.87 trillion, up 13% year over year. Long-term net flows were $3.3 billion in the quarter. As of March 31, 2026, book value per share was $66.18, up from $60.41 in the corresponding period of 2025. The tangible book value per share was $51.58, up from $46.08 as of March 31, 2025.Morgan Stanley’s Tier 1 capital ratio (advanced approach) was 17.9% compared with 17.7% in the prior-year quarter. In the reported quarter, Morgan Stanley repurchased 10 million shares for $1.75 billion. The solid performance of the IB business and an impressive deal-making pipeline are expected to support Morgan Stanley’s financials. Efforts to become less dependent on capital markets-driven revenues and inorganic expansion/strategic alliances will boost top-line growth. However, elevated expenses due to expansion efforts and volatile trading revenues are concerns. Morgan Stanley price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Morgan Stanley Quote Currently, Morgan Stanley carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s GS first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $17.55 topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 7.4%. The metric also rose 24.3% from $14.12 a year ago.Driven by the volatile market, Goldman posted record net revenues in Equities, while its fixed income, currencies and commodities intermediation business revenues fell. A solid dealmaking activity led to robust growth in IB fees. The company’s Asset & Wealth Management division posted solid revenue growth. However, a rise in expenses and provision for credit losses were headwinds. JPMorgan JPM posted first-quarter 2026 earnings of $5.94 per share, up 17.2% from $5.07 in the year-ago quarter. The bottom line beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.49 by 8.2%. Quarterly results were powered by a record markets performance, robust IB business and higher NII. Lower provisions also offered support. However, an increase in operating expenses was the undermining factor for JPMorgan. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) : Free Stock Analysis Report JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com). Zacks Investment Research Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Sign in to access your portfolio